rt @thetweetofgod: what part of the bible did you get that from, joe?
the part with all the guns in it? guns don’t inspire people. people inspire people. #marchforourlivesjoe, i no more gave you that right than you gave your ex-wife the $117,437 in child support you owed to support you… take your world back, kids. #marchforourlivesretweet this and you can kill a guy.my son is crazy. he thinks he's jesus.mark zuckerberg is one of the last people you should trust, and i mean that both literally and alphabetically.well look who's following me! hey there, fellas! appreciate the support, but quit sending the ukrainian girls. it's… whoo-hoo! great job, team humanity! look out polar bears, you're next!

rt @thetweetofgod: the bible is 100% accurate. especially when thrown at close range.i've got to figure out an organic way to have donald trump eaten by piranhas.who's skipping church today? i know i am!if hell existed it would be inhabited exclusively by those who thought others were going there.now stephen hawking is going on and on about how i need to reconcile general relativity with quantum dynamics to cr… try not to take yourself personally.new selfie! i want to be the kind of god atheists are proud not to believe in.also, your father is burning in hell.stephen just told me to tell you to fuck off. it’s only been a few hours and stephen hawking already mathematically proved, to my face, that i don’t exist.finally, someone can tell me what i was thinking. there is life on other planets and from now on that's my focus.lucifer, chief demon of hell, will become my new heavenly gatekeeper. he will do a fantastic job! thank you to st.… could all my indian followers retweet this? i told brahma i was really popular there and he didn’t believe me and it really hurt.the universe used to be really funny until it got all political.i wish i believed in something.reminder: at 2am, please delete one hour from the trump administration.i'm consistently overthanked for friday.see you all soon! what doesn’t kill you makes me try harder.you will retweet this. rt if you agree!the bible is the fakest news of all.sir roger bannister arrived in heaven in less than four minutes.you’re all unprecedentedly fucked.great job humanity! another species defeated! want to learn about my plans for justin bieber? his miraculous birth? his remarkable career? his imminent crucifixi… happy 24th birthday to my beloved son @justinbieber. hang in there, justin! only nine more years till crucifixion!now that you’ve said that, no.
that “sign from me” shit is an immediate disqualifier. excerpt from the world's second-most popular moral code

"the punishment of those who wage war against allah and hi… excerpt from the world's most popular moral code

"if two men are fighting and the wife of one of them comes to res… excerpt from a book in your hotel room

"if a man happens to meet a virgin who is not pledged to be married and rap… no, my child. that was when i cut your legs off. in hindsight human civilization was a bad idea.young people suspect that older people suck and these young people need to know that they’re right.when forced to take sides, side with the side that didn’t force you to take sides.your religion is incorrect.good on you, mike! may i recommend the part where lot offers his daughters up to a raging mob to be gang-raped beca… that’s why i oppose you, you arrogant bigoted hateful son of a bitch. i'm thankful that today i can speak to you through twitter and tell you what an asshole you are. aren't you? i applied to be a god in india but apparently they’re overstaffed.i am god and this is my twitter account. it's not a joke. it's not a "bit". i am actually god and all who doubt it… @craftsmandave david, there appears to be a general consensus that the orthography in this tweet is problematic (vi… your thoughts and prayers are my shits and giggles."in an old-fashioned, prescientific democracy, any spellbinder with a good organization behind him can turn the twe… the world should be run by dogs and canadians.in my defense, i don't exist.guns don't kill people, gun lobbies do.if you want to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of the mentally ill, don't elect them president.it is useless for a society to blame a person's "mental health issues" when that society itself is insane.rt @thetweetofgod: school shootings are a small price to pay for the freedom to be killed in school shootings.stop.i consider myself spiritual but not religious.my only regret is creation.with great power comes no responsibility.i support the separation of church and everything else.never let the fear of failure keep you from failing.i don't work in mysterious ways because i don't work, period.the reason evangelicals don’t believe in evolution is that it hasn’t happened to them yet.
 # via @huffpostpolthe end of the world isn't coming any minute but every minute.ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha h… congratulations eagles fans! now get out there and destroy your city! you deserve it! #superbowlliiretweet this and you can skip church. 
or, don't retweet this and skip church anyway.sarah, if i answered prayers your boss would have already died 50 billion times. the degree to which you’re all fucked has far outpaced your ability to comprehend it. #blessedonce in a while my ways are non-mysterious. "just kidding; be absolutely terrified." mark 5:37 you are your only hope.in an ideal scenario the president of the united states and the worst human being in the world would be two different people.meta-analysis: millions of americans are fucking morons. there is a plot to get rid of @realdonaldtrump, and over seven billion people are in on it.at this point i'm just like, whatever.i'm shutting down too.if you haven't already, check out my interview with @neiltyson in which i kick his astrophysical cosmologist ass!!! remember sanity? those were the days.i didn't make him. period. fuck these fucking motherfuckers so fucking much.i will never be verified because i have never been verified.omnipresence is just a fancy word for stalking.would it help if i existed? because i'm willing to do that if it would help.no matter what happens, always remember: i could not care less.many of you are saying punctuation always goes inside the quote. that may be the rule but it's nonsensical when the… 1. "its", not "it's".
2. colon (or comma), not semicolon, before "god".
3. missing adjectival en-dash in "same-sex"… i'll do better next universe.i most certainly did not, fat vin diesel. i'm, like, really omniscient.only i can judge you. and i have. and you're fucked.retweeting this entitles you to one (1) pre-forgiven act of adultery.i cannot understate how small @realdonaldtrump’s penis is.this is the way the world ends
this is the way the world ends
this is the way the world ends 
from a bang that’s ca… no. my resolution this year is to lose 250 orange pounds.nobody understands me.retweet this so that others can see the full breadth of its pointlessness.as a matter of fact he makes everyone scream that name. only irony can save you now.america was always one of those ideas that looked better on paper.this is my book. if you like my wit and wisdom, imagine how much you'll enjoy it after actually paying for it!… @rickygervais i dunno, ricky. lately i'm just... i dunno. sometimes i wish i'd never even started godding.@rickygervais i watch about eight hours of tv and drink about a dozen diet cokes.christianity is one massive, 2,000-year-old rape cover-up.in honor of the wave of deregulation sweeping america, i hereby renounce the ten commandments. go nuts, everyone!probably the biggest campaign mistake roy moore made from a strategy standpoint was repeatedly molesting children.you suck at praying, franklin. no, i'm good, thanks. not as close as you, margie. see you thursday! who should win?fuck you, racist. i’m a bad idea.shit's all fucked up.practice what you preach. better yet, don't preach.😉 at this point it would be harder to name news events that aren't signs of the apocalypse.country over party, but humanity over both.i know for a fact that donald trump has a very small penis.

please retweet this enough that he can't help but respond.

thanks,
godrt @thetweetofgod: there is not a single human being on earth that’s as good at anything as donald trump is good at being an asshole.if you’re starting to lose faith in all human institutions, what the hell took you so long?you can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can’t fool robert mueller.the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards impeachment.why do bad things happen to good people? to even out the good things that happen to bad people.you’re all doing this totally wrong.jesus died for all your sins but he didn't die this much.i’ve been doing fake news literally since day one.people who brag about not being politically correct tend also not to be factually, morally, or grammatically correct.anybody have any theories why i'm allowing trump to continue? i'm curious myself.rt @thetweetofgod: life is a small minority of total assholes ruining it for the vast majority of partial assholes.you're all unimaginably fucked.no. wrong. incorrect. not true. false. look at all these suckers in church praying to me. what a bunch of dumb asses.elephants are like people, only humane.dump him.

consider yourself guided. in hindsight, six days was a bit of a rush job.a religion based on the teachings of jesus would be a great idea.the fact that the book you swear on to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth is the bible is an all-time irony classic.if i could do it all over again, i wouldn't.fuck you, franklin. i'm sending you to hell just like your old man. i apologize to some of you for most of you.the only person who ever needs to watch you masturbate is jesus.a year ago today, i officially forsook all of thee.i don’t even have a plan a. your ex-wife and children had a right to the $117,000 in alimony you never paid, joe.

(btw, those rights come from… what part of the bible did you get that from, joe?
the part with all the guns in it? this guy gets me. one day i will make donald trump's twitter account inactive forever.in the beginning, robert mueller indicted paul manafort and rick gates; and i saw that it was good.oh no. i'm in trouble now. this could be the week i give donald trump a heart attack. #mondaymotivationthe more people retweet this the more likely it is that, despite having blocked me, @joelosteen will see god thinks he's a fucking asshole.question: what would you consider more apocalyptic, a mega-volcano eruption or a 10.0 earthquake? asking for a friend.i created mankind to destroy itself over me.yes. because i hate america. your founders owned slaves. fuck them and fuck you too. retweet this and everything will magically get better.i'm god, i know all your thoughts and prayers, and pretty much none of them are with somalia.i need $10,000 retweets by midnight tonight or your little planet gets it.whenever you start losing faith, continue.scheduling note

all good news is postponed indefinitely.your authentic self is ashamed of you.i’ve run out of special places in hell.on this day in 1492, america discovered smallpox, racism, subjugation, and the bible. #columbusdayjust because a lot of people on the other side are total assholes doesn’t mean a lot of people on your side aren’t also total assholes.most terrorists are white. me, for example.no. rt @thetweetofgod: saying "guns don't kill people" is like saying "defibrillators don't save people".rt @thetweetofgod: the right of others to easily purchase guns is more important than your right not to be killed by them. #iamthenraa terrorist is a person who causes terror.everything's broken.you can't. this is the alternate universe other universes warn their kids about.fuck you, mr. president.the president of the united states is clinically, criminally insane. have a good weekend! see you monday!do not #prayformexico. send money.president trump is the great danger facing our world. i'm coming down to help you all out just as soon as i start existing.don't you ever fucking use my name again. your professional life is futile and pointless. #mondaymotivationi saw what you did, @tedcruz.you all will die. #thursdaythoughtsrt @thetweetofgod: retweet this and something good will happen at some point in the near future that you can choose to attribute to having…then your work is done, my son. rt @thetweetofgod: could everyone please retweet this so @joelosteen sees that many many people think he is an asshole? thanks in advance.you'd really think i'd do something.now, back to the shit show.i'm the all-time champion of fake news.wrong. i already have. 99% of human history is caused by men with small penises.and every single night i tell you to fuck off. fuck that fucking motherfucker.happy independence day to india, the country with 329,999,999 too many gods.for the record, i'm not "back". i was never here to begin with.i meant on a date. rt @disjointed: we're open for business august 25th. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.justice.i loved the coldplay halftime show, except for the part with coldplay. #sb50i deeply regret most of you....aaaand that'll do it for me. good luck, humanity! it's bernie. i know for a fact that i don't exist.well i don't believe in you either.looking forward to killing over a million of you this week! #mondaymotivationlast year was the hottest in recorded history, you stupid bastards.if it’s trump/palin i’m coming down there.#ripeveryoneeventuallyquestion: what are three things that will kill you?
answer: no you don't. fuck you. i don't care about you. please share this with friends.spot the missing number

david bowie (1947 - 2016)
alan rickman (1946 - 2016)
donald trump (1946 -      )retweet this and i guarantee you will win tonight's #powerball.honestly, hanging out with david bowie is even cooler than i thought it would be!david bowie was the god i always wanted to be.no other organization in the world has done more to promote gun killings than the #nra.  funny how @nra invokes protecting the civil liberties of americans while helping to kill thousands of them.  the problem with "we, the people" is you, the people.shut up and leave me the hell out of it you dumbass rednecks. rip lemmy.if justice is blind then it's somehow developed the capacity to hear color.i forgot junior's birthday!!!you'd better not live.
you'd better just die.
you'd better give up.
i'm telling you why.
donald trump is coming to the white house.on this date 2,015 years ago, nothing happened. also it wasn't this date.i'd like to apologize wholeheartedly to miss colombia &amp; miss philippines for my huge mistake in making steve harvey.steve harvey just made #missuniverse2015 more of a joke than it already was, which in theory should not be possible.fine, i'll coach chelsea.i just hate all these people.  #gopdebate"star wars" spoiler: at the end, your life goes on unchanged.i'm going to reduce my carbon footprint by destroying mankind.you better not shout. you better not cry. you better not pout. i'm telling you why. life is a meaningless parade towards death.he who knows, does not speak. he who speaks, does not know. shut up, is what i'm saying.you are your own punishment.donald trump is a huge asshole who is ahead in the polls because millions and millions of americans are also huge assholes.yes he was. and i love him. i love my dead gay son. retweeting this will make everything better.every new day is another chance to lose faith in humanity.correct. stop praying. i'm clearly not listening.you are all ridiculous.no. i have no plan, asshole. yep, i hate cleveland that much.only messi can save you.this is an extremely ironic time for the president to be pardoning turkey.you happened because i created monkeys and got arrogant.jon snow died for your sins and rose from the dead.i cannot overstate the extent to which mankind is screwed.life is a small minority of total assholes ruining it for the vast majority of partial assholes.america needs to impose stringent new screening procedures on anyone seeking a seat in congress.you're just all so fucking stupid.i've said it before and i'll say it again: the bible is 100% accurate. especially when thrown at close range.it's shut. i give up. you're on your own. good luck."give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. unless they're darker than, say, beige."- statue of liberty.what would jesus do? funny you ask. i can kill for myself just fine, thanks.i got nothing.not again.when someone says they "love freedom", rest assured they don't mean yours.i regret everything.real quote. real picture. real closeting. could everyone please retweet this so @joelosteen sees that many many people think he is an asshole? thanks in advance.when donald trump is the saner and wiser alternative, your party has gone through the looking glass.i'm not verified because i never have been.i don't believe in evolution but at this point it would be a good idea.i'm not. retweet this and you'll live forever.thoughts and prayers don't help. you know what does help? help.welcome back canada! nice to see you again.congratulations, canada. you now have the hottest first couple on earth.no matter what happens always remember: i don't care.“it is what it is” means it’s not what it should be.congratulations toronto on having a good team that plays america's sport and an awful team that plays your own.one religion is right and the rest are wrong and you have to figure out what the right one is or you go to hell.i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, and i #feelthebern. #demdebatenot yours, mike. today america honors a man who was wrong in many, many ways. #columbusdayand that someone is satan. 'twas the night before columbus day and all through the house,
indigenous peoples were unaware of their own imminent, protracted genocide.my secretary wrote this song's lyrics and in my opinion they're worth at least $1.29, if not $1.49. if you retweet this you will go to hell.retweeting this will change nothing.school shootings are a small price to pay for the freedom to be killed in school shootings.low pay. scanty resources. constant disrespect. insufficient recognition. the hallmarks of the world's noblest profession. #worldteachersdaythe less you know the more you don't think you need to.instead of sending you all to hell i've decided it would be easier to just send hell to you.“kim davis secretly met with the pope.” it’s true. a thrice-divorced woman met with a 78-year-old virgin to complain about married people.it's the tony-nominated "cry-baby: the musical"! finally available on itunes a scant 7 years after closing! 
people say history is written by the winners, but actually history is written by historians, and most of them are losers.if at first you don't succeed, blame an ethnic group.focus less on the tiny bit of liquid water melting on mars and more on the catastrophic amount of liquid water melting on earth.facebook is down. please refrain from genuine human contact until the problem is resolved.i know a guy who'd love you to pre-order this.  this is the current leading candidate for the republican nomination for president of the united states. the mexican border isn't nearly as insecure as donald trump. #gopdebatesometimes you can spend so much time looking at your phone you forget about the beauty all around you, so be sure to google that.everybody stop what you're doing for a second and remember that one day you'll stop what you're doing forever.i saw what you just did and it was disgusting.i don't create complex marine ecosystems in your toilets so please don't dump shit in my oceans.i'm up in heaven watching the #appleevent with steve jobs. kidding! steve's not here.venus and serena williams have combined for 28 grand slam titles. to put that in perspective, you and your sister have 0 grand slam titles.the people who have total faith in me tend to be the ones i have no faith in whatsoever.in a minute i'm going to turn the universe off and then back on again. apologies for the inconvenience.wrong. i'm not married. i'm a single dad. no, no, no, no, no, no, and what the fuck does that last one even mean? sorry, tim. there’s only so much even i can do. you will all die.people continue to be the worst.life is a good way to keep busy while waiting to die.most of you were mistakes.rt @startalkradio: if you haven’t heard the extended classic version of @neiltyson’s “a conversation with god” you can listen here: to answer the two obvious questions: 
1. no, i did not give her the authority.
2. yes, she's a closet lesbian. everybody retweet this. i'll explain later.america, i cannot in good conscience bless you anymore.kanye vs. trump is exactly what america deserves.i have a @kanyewest complex.for the next 24 hours all fornication is sin-free. i know it's against policy but you need it so badly it's pathetic.you are 100% biodegradable.yes, i had an account on ashley madison. yes, i fooled around with other universes. but i didn’t bang any of them.prepare thyself, los angeles. god is coming. and this time… he’s sean hayes. i have no plan.if donald trump becomes president i’m moving to another universe.wrong. and i don't not have grammar neither. i'm proud of you, humanity. i used to flood the earth. now you do it on your own.boobs are my masterpiece.it's easy for you to assume the guy who shot #cecilthelion has a small penis, but i'm god, and i know he does.humanity is an epic fail.once you realize nothing makes sense it all makes sense.sorry folks. you’re stuck on earth 1.0. #noupgradepossibledeep down in your soul, you need more money.there is not a single human being on earth that’s as good at anything as donald trump is good at being an asshole.saying "guns don't kill people" is like saying "defibrillators don't save people".attention: due to maintenance, the laws of physics will be suspended from 11pm to 6am this evening. we apologize for the inconvenience.in america anybody can grow up to believe i want them to be president.who wins in a fight between donald trump and el chapo? everyone.yes, scott. running for president is the first part of "my plan for you". the second part: your humiliating defeat. i can't believe i lost wimbledon.retweet this for a sin-free masturbation.just because other people are assholes doesn't mean you're not also an asshole.greece owes europe some money. europe owes greece western civilization. call it even?"all men are created equal." - a man who owned 600 other men.

happy 4th of july!standing up for what you believe isn't a virtue if what you believe in is awful.happy #canadaday to the world's ned flanders who shares a 3,000-mile border with homer simpson.the right to be wrong is not an excuse to be wrong."whenever the rainbow appears, i will see it and remember my everlasting covenant with all creatures on the earth.” what would jesus do? officiate a gay marriage. and then cater it using only a loaf and a fish.if the founding fathers were alive today they'd all start marrying each other.gay weddings for everybody!all male gunowners have small penises. all female gunowners also have small penises. please rt this so they know.people say the confederate flag is a symbol of slavery, racism and oppression, but it’s also a symbol of getting your ass kicked.walmart announcing it's removing confederate flag merchandise from its stores is the most depressing civil-rights triumph of all time.congratulations to south carolina for moving boldly forward into the late nineteenth century.it's tough being a single dad.dylann roof has the same "mental illness" that millions and millions of white americans have had for 400 years.what is wrong with you?rt @wnyc: first there was @thetweetofgod. then it became a broadway hit. |via @sideshow  donald trump is the kind of asshole other assholes look at and say "now there's an asshole."retweet this and i'll send you a direwolf.watching "jurassic world" really made me nostalgic for the era between day six of creation and noah's ark, when they lived.i created skin to hold you together, not tear you apart.for your continued support, @aaronrodgers12, i make this prediction for super bowl l: packers 91, patriots -14.update: people are still stupid.the critics are unanimous! except for a couple! who aren’t included! for obvious reasons! @actofgodbway #anactofgod 100% wrong. to those of you taking the sats tomorrow: bccdecdabbcdeabcdeebbcebadebcdeacbdeacbedacbcad. 
i damn well better see you in church on sunday.i'm telling you: i will not let the
stanley cup go to friggin' tampa bay. #gohawks #stanleycupfinals"jim bob duggar: 'god has forgiven josh'." no i haven't. he's going to hell, just like you.sepp blatter is retiring to spend more time with his money.sometimes i love you so much i want to kill you all just to bring you here and hug you.for the record i made women from men before it was cool.i created the universe on a monday and mondays have sucked ever since.church is a waste of time.the laws of physics i created do not apply to lionel messi.sure, frank. how's next wednesday look? evil people often find great success their entire lives, then die completely unrepentant and completely unpunished. sorry 'bout that.sepp aside, asshole.rt @nytimesarts: review: if god were as adorable as jim parsons, perhaps more of us would mind our morals  rt @playbill: god opens on broadway tonight! #anactofgod
 rt @wbur: comedy writer david javerbaum brings @thetweetofgod to #broadway, starring jim parsons:  only america could bring the force of impartial justice to fifa, because it's the only country on earth that doesn't care about football."lord, can i have a pony?" sure. just as soon as i get a prayer from a pony asking for a little girl with no clue how to take care of it."vatican: irish gay marriage referendum a ‘defeat for humanity’." as opposed to wholesale child rape, which was a smashing success.every day a billion people call my name seeking help and a billion more call it seeking orgasm. i don't know which is more awkward.i honestly can no longer remember what i was thinking with spiders.dublin, if this doesn't tell you my opinion nothing will. #marref when you do something horrible don't try to make up for it by "getting closer to god". you're a creep and i don't want you anywhere near me.ireland, marriage should be between a man and a woman. unless it's gay marriage, which is also fine.
#irelandvoteyes #voteyes #marref2015there are some sins so bad that jesus comes down from the cross and says "no way i'm dying for that shit."if you think atheism promotes a lack of moral responsibility, you should see what happens when my son takes the blame for all your sins.you're my greatest creation, and i'm your worst.just talked to brahma. he's not ashamed to have been born indian either. #modiinsultsindiathere is no problem you can't solve by creating a larger problem.i hear all your prayers and they're very, very funny.america is the greatest country on earth when it comes to telling everyone it's the greatest country on earth.life is a never-ending battle between the dumbasses and the smartasses.happy mother's day to the woman who takes a whole lot better care of you than i do.prayer is founded on the fundamental misconception that i take requests.bullshit. the british election is still more proof that the problem with government of the people, by the people, and for the people, is the people.messi.masturbation is disgusting. i only did it once. it took me six days. and i'm still cleaning up the mess.the reason masturbation is a sin, @rickygervais, is not that it's intrinsically evil. it's that every time you do it, i have to watch.i know i should stop appearing in republicans' dreams and saying "i command thee to run for president!" but dammit, it's so friggin' fun.rt @nytimestheater: how god’s twitter account (@thetweetofgod) made it to broadway  floyd mayweather made $100 million last night. he also partied with justin bieber. shall i continue? life on earth, i mean?don't thank me, floyd. thank satan, your lord and savior, you fucking bastard.good always triumphs over evil, except when it doesn't. #mayweatherpacquiaoprediction: floyd mayweather is going to hell.the bad news: climate change threatens 1 in every 6 species with extinction.

the good news: you're one of them.here is a new york times article about the blasphemer who claims to have written my upcoming play and these tweets. maybe freddie gray broke his own spine. and maybe michael brown committed suicide. and maybe black people enslaved themselves.rioting is not the answer, but repeatedly killing unarmed black people is reeeeeeallly not the answer.the best way to stop people from protesting about a bad thing is to stop doing the bad thing.don't use alcohol as a crutch. use a long wooden stick for that. use alcohol to get drunk.the only part of my job i really enjoy is determining who wins sporting events."i'll pray for you" is an intellectually dishonest way of saying "fuck off."if you're using the #nepalearthquake as a religious-conversion opportunity, congratulations on climbing the mt. everest of assholery.you can pray for nepal, or you can actually do something by contributing to relief efforts: just because you're misunderstood doesn't mean you're a genius.bruce jenner is the first kardashian woman i can tolerate.it was genocide, turkey. come on. man up.try not to worry about things you can’t control, which is pretty much everything.j’aimerais inviter tous mes fans francophones à me suivre @letweetdegod ! comme le compte habituel, mais avec plus de signes diacritiques !if i am not constantly told how great i am i get angry because even though i am omnipotent and omniscient, i am emotionally insecure."did you create mosquitoes just to annoy people?" no. i created people just to feed mosquitoes.i tried #takeyourchildtoworkday 2,000 years ago and it was the stupidest thing i ever did.don't take this the wrong way, but i regret you as a species.you are deeply flawed and profoundly insignificant. i say that with love.if shooting animals makes you feel better about yourself, imagine how good you'd feel if you shot a human being, like yourself.of course there are alternate realities. there are over 7 billion on this planet alone.it's great to see how many country music stars are thanking me at the #acmawards50 even though i think country music sucks.if by "bring glory to his name" you mean "kick the shit out of that loathsome bastard floyd mayweather", then yes. retweeting this counts as going to church.everything happens for a reason you make up afterwards.i only reveal myself to stoners, schizophrenics and conservative republicans.jamaica just decriminalized pot. finally, jamaicans can smoke pot.i see you when you masturbate and you're very good at it.it is risen! #anactofgod in the interest of taking the pressure off you so you can relax and enjoy life i'm just going to tell you up front you're all going to hell.get ready for hillary clinton to pretend to believe the hell out of me.i'm skipping church.retweeting this is useless.age is nothing but a number. a number that increases as you approach death.it's easy to blame other people for your problems. seriously, try it.time flies when you're having fun, so the more you enjoy life the quicker you'll be dead.many of you are stupid. i know i tweet this a lot, but in my defense many of you are stupid a lot.it's not institutionalized racism. it's just millions of isolated cases.if i didn't want men to be attracted to other men i wouldn't have made cock so delicious.the first step to recovering from repeatedly shooting unarmed black people is admitting you’re repeatedly shooting unarmed black people.your problem is you.picture by @zaknoyle. set design by me and you. christ is risen. kentucky is fallen. #happyeaster"yolt." - jesus.retweet this if you should be doing something other than scanning twitter for something to retweet.apparently it's opposite night on cnn and fox. the new 10 plagues

1. ebola
2. kale
3. extremism
4. normcore
5. #
6. bikram yoga
7. fifa
8. climate change
9. "religious freedom" 
10. foxmy son died for your sins and i'll never forgive you for that.jesus is going out for dinner with his friends again tonight. i'd go but he always does that weird cannibal bread shit. #notmyscenethe universe isn't conspiring against you. the universe isn't rooting for you. the universe really truly couldn't care less about you."nascar decries indiana anti-gay law". and when nascar calls you homophobic, you are homo-friggin'-phobic.just because i'm jesus doesn't mean i'm not also his dad. #itscomplicated"scientology" is a combination of "scient-," meaning "science," and "-ology," meaning "science." and it just gets stupider from there.every sunday is palm sunday when you masturbate.i just cruelly tormented the fans of a religious institution from indiana. draw your own conclusions. #ndvskybeing gay isn’t a choice, but living in indiana is.i would support #boycottindiana if indiana made anything worth buying or had anything worth visiting.i'm bored. look out.if you can make a difference in the life of one person, it should probably be you.free will was probably a mistake.sometimes in life all you need is for just one person to shut up.stop calling me your "imaginary friend". i'm not your friend.retweet if you’re horribly despondent about the future of humanity. favorite if you’re not!you should care about each other, because i sure as hell don't.take it from me: never promise land to anybody.your prayer is important to us. please continue to kneel. your request will be taken by the next available angel in around 10 million years.rt @vanityfair: speaking with god, on the advent of his new broadway play i've said this before, but i want to apologize to the irish for the potato famine. i wasn't mad at you, ireland. i was mad at the potatoes.the #boycottdolcegabbana movement is both smaller and less established than the #cantafforddolcegabbana movement.want to know my favorite place? animal? movie? tv show? i tell @neiltyson all in this extra from our interview: no matter how bad things get they always get better. and then they get worse. then better again. then worse again. you see the pattern.there's a very good chance you're stupid.how can you not see the pattern?!?
3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097494459230781640628…
it’s so obvious! 
#pidaythe last digit of pi is 6. now you know. #happypidaysometimes when the whole world is telling you you’re wrong, it’s because you’re wrong.everything happens for no reason. it is extremely important to understand this.rt @sonatineedition: vous ne connaissez pas encore @thetweetofgod ? a découvrir avant sortie en mai du #derniertestament you can follow your dreams but they still might unfollow you.i'm omniscient but even i don't know what the philadelphia eagles are doing.the apple watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iphones.retweet this and you will receive your reward within the next week or so in the form of a random good thing that would have happened anyway."unto the woman he said... thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee." (genesis 3:16).

#happyinternationalwomensday!"men have authority over women because god has made the one superior to the other." (quran 4:34).

#happyinternationalwomensday!"i do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be quiet." (1 timothy 2:12).

#happyinternationalwomensday!sexual orientation is genetic. political orientation is a choice. but new employee orientation is mandatory.bigotry is a sacred union between a man and an outdated belief system.this guy's raising four more fingers to me than i'm raising back to him. there is only one potential problem with standing up for what you believe in: what you believe in.the alabama supreme court has blocked same-sex marriage on the legal grounds that it is 1953.don't tell me which nations to bless. i don't tell you which nations to bomb.don't take this the wrong way but you're all a bunch of morons.the bieb's 21st birthday is a good time for me to re-pimp the e-gospel of his life and crucifixion: the book of bieb. as of today justin bieber can legally go to a bar and drink away the pain of knowing he'll spend the rest of his life being justin bieber.always remember: i don’t care.i know from your perspective the world seems to make little sense but i assure you that from where i sit it makes absolutely no sense.i was so close to letting australia win. but then i remembered, you know, abbott. #ausvsnz #cwc15is this planet blue and white, brown and green, or on the brink of total catastrophe? rip leonard nimoy.the kardashians have signed a 4-year deal to stay with e! for $100 million and i’m starting to think i don’t exist.the color of a dress? really? that's what you're asking me? the ocean levels rose four inches in two years. you know that, right?i feel like "thou shalt not kill" was fairly unambiguous. is it the "thou" that's throwing you off? 'cause that just means "you", old-style.selfie sticks are a way of saying "only a one-meter spherical radius can contain my narcissism."marijuana is now legal in washington, dc. this can only help.if you find yourself tempted to join is, start by taking baby steps, like blowing yourself up.even i can't save you now, arsenal. #afcmoney can't buy happiness, but neither can poverty, and money can buy a lot of other really cool stuff, so always try to have lots of money.no he won't. if anything he'll ask them for help with the catering. hell is reserved for those who spent their lives telling others they would go there.holy crap, @ladygaga. i bow down to you on that one.a lot of famous people died this year, but to be fair waaaaaaayyy more non-famous people died.the best animated film was "the lego movie" and screw you, oscar.my son! my son is presenting for best supporting actress!!!you are finally going to beat south africa, india, because i am looking down upon thee in sunglassed glory. #indvssa almost half the time i hear a woman call my name, she's faking it.did you see me taking a selfie just now? #sachin #indvssart @ew: first look: jim parsons plays god in david javerbaum's holy broadway comedy:  i can't believe my son died for you people. what a waste of a crucifixion.there’s no need to defend me through aggressive, angry tweets. i am capable of defending myself through aggressive, angry natural disasters.i’m giving up for lent.rt @actofgodbway: thou can now purchase #anactofgod pre-sale tickets and earn rewards through @audiencerewards.  nothing disproves my existence quite like isis.#जयहिन्दmuhammad had a face. deal with it.my only comment on #indvspak is this: any time a contest between them doesn't end in a nuclear explosion, everybody wins. #wc2015happy valentine's day to the only species i gave the gift of knowing they're going to die!😃😃😃😃❤️❤️❤️❤️proving that when it comes to racial profiling in america, there are 50 shades of disgrace. happy #darwinday. if he were alive he’d be 206. but he’s dead and he’s rotting in hell.america: where minorities, for good reason, fear their kids getting shot, and white people, for no reason, fear their kids getting shots.someday people of all religions will learn to live together in peace and religionlessness.three young muslims were killed by a white man in north carolina. declare your loyalty, moderate christians! #chapelhillshootingsno, jon! no!!!!yes, i decided to let mario balotelli finally score and no, it won't be happening again anytime soon. #lfcvstotthe problem is a lot of you are stupid.gay couples are now getting married in alabama. i love watching a red state add orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. #almarriagenine times out of ten when an award-winner thanks “god”, they’re using the word as a euphemism for cocaine.i haven’t seen kane kill it this much since abel. #thfcvafcyou want to know who i endorse in india? not kejriwal. not bedi. i endorse @allindiabakchod. heartily. #aibroast #aibknockoutindia

1,300,000,000 people
330,000,000 gods
780 languages 
no sense of humouri’m closely watching your election, india.  remember: a #vote4mufflerman is a
vote for a guy with a cool nickname! #delhivoteson this world cancer day, please take a moment to reflect on what a cruel bastard i am.there's no vaccine against stupid.well i don't believe in you either.the moral is: i really enjoying messing with your minds. #superbowlcheaters often win. congratulations, patriots! #superbowlthat was me. #superbowi***prayer overload in north american sector***if you knew how many men were praying to me for a katy perry wardrobe malfunction, you would weep for humanity. #superbowlfor the record, harry chapin died in a car crash. thanks for the reminder, nissan. #sbcommercialsi'm curious to see which team it will turn out i'd chosen to win. #superbowlxlixi've said it before and i'll say it again: the easily offended deserve to be easily offended.i'm happy bruce jenner is transitioning into a woman but i'd be even happier if his stepdaughters transitioned into silence.you should not vaccinate your children unless you are absolutely sure you love them.there's a reason why innocent people suffer, and the reason is this is my first universe and i'm learning on the job.i'm bringing sexy back! sorry, not sexy, measles.this may, i am coming to broadway. and i will be jim parsons. 
i am not kidding. 
get ready. 

is life fair? short answer, no. long answer, nooooooo.anybody who thinks i'm "pro-life" has not read the bible very closely.wrong! that's why i gave you two hands. bad weather is my way of temporarily punishing you. bad climate is your way of permanently punishing you.the #blizzardof2015 is coming so please stay safe inside, unless you're a tv reporter whose job is to stand in the snow like a dumbass.the people who call my name on sunday morning aren't as fun the people who call my name on saturday night.sarah palin is "seriously interested" in running for president. i don't have a joke. that is the joke.do me a favor: from now on, leave my name out of everything you do. i don't want the rest of the universe to know i know you.the dumber you are, the smarter you think you are.alabama's gay marriage ban has been ruled unconstitutional in what is hopefully the first step towards alabama being ruled unconstitutional.retweet this and you can commit the sin of your choice.reading me counts as going to church, retweeting me counts as missionary work, and tweeting me a question i don't answer counts as praying.king abdullah of saudi arabia has just died. in 50 million years, he will be oil."boko haram leader says god told him to carry out massacre". no. i did not tell you that. that is untrue. no. false. incorrect. wrong."god will provide" is another way of saying "i'm incompetent".president maduro of venezuela just said i would provide for his country's citizens. that's what i put the oil there for nick, you genius.your unprovable interpretation of me is  better than his unprovable interpretation of me, and you should express that through violence.i have 102,734,242,901 confirmed kills.the world’s 80 richest people are now worth as much as its poorest 3.5 billion, although in fairness, fairness has nothing to do with it.a seahawks-patriots super bowl? somebody will win the game, but in a larger sense, nobody will."god is good all the time!" yeah. not you though, russ. you sucked for 55 frigging minutes.nothing is impossible if you believe in yourself and you've just done acid.success is the best revenge, but a swift kick in the balls also has its charm.same-sex marriage should be the law of the land. #50statesofgaythe success of the mohammed issue of #charliehebdo shows that with a little courage, magazines can still make a prophet.i love you all unconditionally, provided you do certain things.mitt romney is running for president again. i refer you to an article on dear old mitt my secretary wrote in 2012:
good 26, evil 21. #gbvsdalfor me, faith and family have always gone hand in hand. i deserve all the praise for everything good that happens and none of the blame for anything bad that happens because i said so and shut up.retweeting this is an insult to the prophet.things are never as bad as they seem. people, though, they're usually much worse.the eternal reward for dying for your religion is being dead.ain't no 72 virgins waiting for you, fellas.martyrdom is not a valid career choice.i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, the omnipotent and omniscient creator of space and time, and i can take a fucking joke.elvis presley would have turned 80 years old today if he were alive, which he is.everybody stop what you're doing and play with crayons.today, in the spirit of #jesuischarlie, insult the hell out of me.good for you, family circus. terrorist logic

1. i am concerned about my religion’s negative reputation in the eyes of the world.
2. i will kill people in its name.it’s times like this i really wish i existed.thinking about signing with chelsea.the new u.s. congress is 80% white, 80% male, 92% christian, and 99% 1%.i love you all as much as i love my actual child, jesus, whom i sent to a brutal prolonged death.i planted all the evidence for evolution once it became clear it did not serve the best interest of my reputation to take credit for you.to answer a few recent prayers: 
no.
no.
maybe.
ok, but he’s still gonna cheat on you.
no.
great idea! but no.
fine, how’s friday?
*eyeroll*don't retweet this if i exist.it perfectly symbolizes the human race that it begins every new year by dropping the ball.2015 really is going to be the year i fucking kill you all. 
sigh... i say that every year.could you try to make 2015 less terrible? please? maybe scale back the hatred, self-sabotage and rolling cavalcade of ignorance? kthxbye.¡ɐᴉlɐɹʇsn∀ ɹɐǝ⅄ ʍǝn ʎddɐhnew year's logic

1. the planet is passing through an arbitrary spot on its unceasing orbit around the sun. 
2. time to lay off chocolate.spoilers 

the world won't end
life has no meaning
things never get better or worse
i'm a tall japanese woman
there's no heaven, only hell2015 resolutions 

cause less hatred
kill fewer children
heal the sick
mend the broken-hearted
unite the human race
make pigs flyshit. i forgot jesus's birthday, didn't i.the virgin birth story has just been my way of putting off having "the talk" with jesus for 2,000 years.jesus was born today. and if you believe that, you were born yesterday.rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose. other symptoms of his alcoholism included violent rampages and chronic nausea.only 367 days till christmas!i hate people who only jingle halfway.happy winter solstice, the annual symbolic rebirth of the sun whose timing has nothing whatsoever to do with christmas.instead of focusing on your differences, think about the things all people have in common. like the tendency to focus on their differences.the admin password for the universe is 'password'.it’s a sad day when the north korean government can keep a japanese corporation from making money off the american people.who'd win a fight between isis and the taliban? everyone else in the world.official policy statement from the lord thy god king of the universe regarding the killing of children in my name

don't.if mankind doesn't grow up, children will continue not to. #peshawarattackalways be yourself, unless your self is a jerk.there are no verses in the quran about me wanting anyone to hold hostages in a chocolate shop in sydney, you terrorist fucks.i've said it before and i'll say it again: the bible is 100% accurate. especially when thrown at close range."she seems to have an invisible touch." (genesis 19:86).the reason i don't let alien races visit you is you're the black sheep of the galaxy.never forget that you are profoundly unimportant.most of the punishments in hell are fire-related but man, do i have some fun water-based activities planned for dick cheney.if you believe in something hard enough, nothing happens."kim kardashian: my pregnancy weight was a punishment from god." no, kim. your existence is."convicted child sex offender wins $3 million florida lottery". but i totally exist, i swear.if dick cheney hates the #torturereport so much, why did i just catch him masturbating to it?protest is fine but please make sure it’s peaceful, and respectful, and doesn’t inconvenience anyone, or make a difference. #icantbreathepeople assume i'm pro-life but if you look at my record it's pretty clear i'm very pro-death.my secretary wrote this christmas album for stephen colbert and friends a few years back and it's still not bad. why isn't my twitter account verified? because my biblical account isn't verified either.#icantbreathe is trending because justice isn't.are you there, arsenal fans? it's me, god. stoked?retweeting this will only make things worse.next time i'll make people skinless. no racism, plus no acne.people should be judged not by the color of their skin but the content of a video in which a man says #icantbreathe 11 frigging times.i look down on you. satan looks up to you. and there you have it.the protestors near the rockefeller center tree lighting are threatening a sacred american tradition: racial injustice. #icantbreatheall i want for christmas is you.
it's a lot scarier when i say it."hawking: artificial intelligence could end mankind." natural unintelligence could also do the trick.if anyone ever tells you i talked to them, tell them you talked to me and i told you to tell them i wasn't talking to them, and shut up.i am infinitely good and i created you in my image and you are inherently evil and that makes total sense."janay rice: 'god chose me and ray for a reason'." that's right. i handpick which women get abused. that's exactly how i operate.i follow justin bieber because he is my son, as my book "the book of bieb" makes clear. (hey, it's #cybermonday!)
i hate you and that's why your team lost.happy holidays to all those offended by the use of that term.santa claus is a mythical father figure who rewards those who believe in him. only children should believe in someone that obviously fake.unhappy? have you thought about buying things?be sure to check out walmart's special holiday prices on trampled human corpses.pitbull was satan's idea.if you don't stampede other people for home electronics, the terrorists win.wishing you and your family a happy, stressless, apolitical, irreligious, nonviolent, and painful-childhood-revelation-free thanksgiving.america, can't you please calm down and save the senseless violence, rage and in-store destruction for black friday where it belongs?burning down a little caesars helps absolutely no one. well, maybe pizza hut. #fergusondecisioni think white people and black people can all join together and say as one, "cnn sucks."why can't we all just get along? oh, right, searing injustice. #fergusondecisionapparently mike brown was shot and killed by social media.i've said it before and i'll say it again: next time i'm making everybody purple.stop praying to me about liverpool. it's got nothing to do with me. sometimes teams just suck. #lfcpeople's ability to believe what's false is matched only by their ability to refuse to believe what's true.marriage should be between a man and a woman. unless it's gay marriage.for whatever reason i just don't seem to like arsenal."al-qaeda: 'isis goes too far'." ah the middle east, where al-qaeda is the voice of moderation.for the record i've been running hunger games for thousands of years.how dare brown people try to live on land white people enslaved black people and killed red people to get?deep down, even i know there's no me.the meek shall inherit the earth, right after the powerful are done destroying it.this is your weekly reminder that nobody knows what they're doing.i have you all on mute.the fact that you are entitled to have a stupid opinion does not excuse its stupidity.i apologize for anything horrible that may have happened anywhere on planet earth last night. i was drunk.the rape allegations against bill cosby are a classic case of he said/she she she she she she she she she she she she she she and she said.go buy a copy of @imkristenbell and @sncmusic's "text me merry christmas," and make my secretary .008¢ richer!
the problem with immortality is there's no real motivation to get anything done."church of england formally approves female bishops". congratulations british women! you can now move diagonally!and now, @imkristenbell + @sncmusic + adam schlesinger + me present a new xmas classic: “text me merry christmas”! only one religion is right but i won't say which one because i want you to figure it out by hating and killing each other while i watch.11. thou shalt not do things that make any civilized person say, "dude, what the hell is wrong with thee?"do not behead aid workers. do not behead aid workers. do not behead aid workers. do not behead aid workers. do not behead aid workers.policy change: everybody have lots of sex.just because the person you're talking to is stupid, doesn't mean you're not also stupid.next time i work on a book i might try non-fiction.q: what does "fifa" stand for?
a: nothing. fifa stands for absolutely nothing.today is #worldkindnessday. please be kind today. then tomorrow you can go back to being a heartless bastard.it's funny how nearly all the people who believe global warming is a myth also believe i'm not.get your filthy spaceship off my comet!!!!a diamond ring is a way of telling a woman "i love you so much i want african children to suffer just so your finger can shine."why is it ridiculous to believe i communicate to the world in 140 characters but not ridiculous to believe i created the world in six days?if jesus was born as prematurely as christmas-themed commercials start airing, there wouldn't have been a christmas.if your team loses it's because i don't like you.watching sports all day. if you need anything ask jesus.i want all human beings to find happiness. now go fight each other for it!if you ever have second thoughts, congratulations. that's two more than most people.retweet this and you'll go to heaven. yes, the standards are now that low.“what about arsenal? why did you let them down?” two words:
1. piers
2. morganyou’re welcome, liverpool. that was supposed to have been 5-0. i did the best i could.right now in a polling station near you there is a stupid person canceling out your vote.happy election day america! here's a little animated ode to the midterms my secretary helped write long, long ago. not listening, don't care, shut up shut up shut up. if some of my tweets seem like they're only addressed to americans it's because i've found they often need things explained extra clearly.why is everyone i talk to crazy?now that the ceo of apple has come out as gay, maybe the ceo of microsoft can find the courage to come out as obsolete.“apple ceo: being gay is ‘a gift from god’.” yes it is, tim. now where’s that free iphone 6 you promised me?!?halloween is the second-best pagan holiday, right behind christmas.facebook is down. please postpone any trivial personal events you would ordinarily post updates on under the false assumption people care.“pope: god is not ‘a magician with a magic wand’.” well, there goes my halloween costume.the christian right hates halloween not because it's pagan, but because it involves handing out free food.visit #ibooksuk for a copy of my very own #thebookofbieb! 99p for a limited time only!it's the bible of non-bibles! monday again? who created this system?!? oh, right.if you’re as excited as i am about taylor swift’s new album, you are not at all excited about taylor swift’s new album.no. i will not bless america. now stop fucking asking.for the next 24 hours i’m taking fornication off the sin list because man, all of you need to get laid.jesus died for your sins, so what are you waiting for? sin!i listen to every prayer people make. in fact some times i even bring friends over to listen to the really desperate ones. #sofunnycanada really is pretty awesome.on days when i have low self-esteem i'm an atheist, too.people who try to kill for my sake need to be killed for yours.canada, i have every intention of keeping your land glorious and free.“stay safe ottawa” is a phrase that need never be uttered in a just world.i created the universe to impress girls.creationists' best argument against evolution is themselves.gough whitlam is up here and already has presented me with a number of suggestions for reform.i am confident that once beta testing is complete, my new universe will be far more user-friendly and have far fewer viruses.rt @amazonbooks: how did neil patrick harris' collaborator provide "oomph" to his words? this is kind of funny. @actuallynph be careful what you pray for: you just might get it. kidding! you won't get it.retweeting this will give all your followers ebola.before you panic about ebola, relax and take a deep breath. oops! you just caught ebola.from me. on behalf of the planet. did you know?: the average human being spends 9.7 hours a day being an idiot.america, i don't tell you who to bomb, so don't tell me who to bless.the people who say i send viruses and disasters as a means to punish you for your sins, are the means by which i punish you for your sins.you're welcome, kansas city. #royalswhat doesn’t kill you can still cause tremendous damage.attention uk! #thebookofbieb, my new book of the bible, is just £0.99p for a limited time at #ebooksbysainsburys!the sooner the pope accepts gays, the sooner they can help him do something about that wardrobe! #hideous #nowhiteafterlaborday"go redskins!" - christopher columbus, 1492.existence is overrated.for a few seconds, orgasms solve everything.you’d work in “mysterious ways” too if you never had to worry about someone firing you.#malalayousafzai and amanda bynes are both trending. young women, here are two role models. choose wisely.even i have no idea where kim jong un is. it's freaking me out.“school shootings”. “mall shootings.” “workplace shootings”. “missouri racist cop shootings”. only america has shooting subgenres. #16timesscientists have discovered indonesian cave paintings that are 40,000 years old. to put that in perspective, the universe is 6,000 years old.when you kill for me it makes me feel like you don’t think i can kill for myself, and that makes me sad.today is the first day of the rest of your life and it’s already gone to shit.all nfl players are wearing pink for breast cancer awareness month. because when you think of women's well-being, you think #nfl.you people are some of the worst people in the history of people."you want a piece of me?!?" - jesus, the last supper.if someone slaps you on one cheek, turn to him the other, but then at the last minute duck your head and kick him in the nuts.people seemed like a good idea at the time.due to human activity the earth has lost more than half its wildlife in the last 40 years. to put that in perspective, weep uncontrollably.always remember that i have a plan for you. i call it “operation shitstorm”.the best thing the human race could do for the planet, by far, is die. #facti don't call your name when i'm forging new stars from nebulae, so please don't call mine when you're fucking.twitter is a way of talking to yourself to other people.this #modiatmadison is the best speech i've heard an indian make at a famous arena since #brahmaatbudokan!admission to heaven is 90% based on spelling and grammar.the second you retweet this you will go to hell."stephen hawking: 'i'm an atheist'." yikes. maybe he's right. i mean i thought i existed, but that guy's pretty smart.yep. i intervened. #jeterslasthomegameevery time you retweet me an angel gets pornography.it's been a while since i tweeted this link to my definitive position on homosexuality: congratulations india, whose #mangalyaan rocket is now orbiting mars! i've never seen brahmā so proud! he's crying all eight eyes out!so have you guys picked a new planet yet?indian followers, could you do me a favor and rt this? i’ve been trying to break into your god market but there’s just so much competition.someone should do something.my hobbies

blessing
damning
forbidding
forsaking
speeding 
willing
america-blessing
queen-saving
only knowing
self-helper helping
golfwho leaked this? who the hell leaked this? my son’s privacy has been violated! this time you’ve gone too far, reddit! nobody knows what they're doing. i can't stress this enough.why am i not verified?!? and don't say "because you're not real" because kim kardashian is verified and nothing about her is real either.to accept evolution is to believe it took four billion years to create a species whose current top trend is #nationalsitonmyfaceday.congratulations to scotland on its declaration of dependence.this… is cnn. for the next few hours, the united kingdom will live in a state of schrödinger’s kilt.no matter what happens, i will continue saving the queen. #indyrefretweet this and get eternal life!*

*(subject to bible law. some commandments apply. must be righteous to enter. offer not valid on earth.)latest numbers from scotland 

yes 31%
no 29%
alcohol 40%.@actuallynph (with a dash of @thetweetofgod) presents "the choose your own autobiography of neil patrick harris"! “rt @theonion: reclusive deity hasn’t written a new book in 2,000 years”. bullshit! it’s here:  even i can't delete this frigging u2 album from my cloud.when you die that’s it.rt to raise awareness of this tweet.1. it is not my desire that you behead humanitarian workers.
2. i can't fucking believe i need to say that."floyd mayweather on history of beating women: 'only god can judge me'." hi, floyd! it's god. you're going to hell.ray rice. michael vick. and now adrian peterson. congratulations, nfl. your woman/children/animal abuse trifecta is officially complete.i’m restoring the world to factory settings.i'll stop using bad language in my tweets as soon as you all stop acting so fucking stupid.seriously, what is wrong with you people?they're slaughtering dolphins in taiji again. fuck you, taiji. fuck you very much, you bastards. #tweet4dolphins #tweet4taiji"ray rice: 'we have a lot of people praying for us'." you know what, just shut the fuck up.violence is not the answer. war is not the answer. total instantaneous vaporization of the entire human race, that's the answer.life is sexually transmitted.the great thing about sarcasm is, no one ever misunderstands it.the apple watch will not save you from death.this is the biggest #appleevent since the fall of man.fact: the average human being should shut up.when tmz is the voice of justice you're in a strange place as a society.serena williams just thanked me! you’re welcome, serena! that’s what i do all day! decide the winner of women’s tennis matches!!!the answer to the question "can people really be that stupid?" is always yes.i win i win i win i win i win! yes! yes! kneel before thy lord, professor bitch!!!!! thank you for praying. all available angels are currently assisting other prayers. please stay on your knees. we will be with you vaguely.mortality update

r. williams - dead
j. bieber - alive
j. rivers - dead
k. kardashian - alive
h. ramis - dead
d. trump - billionairerip joan rivers. yes, now we can talk.would it kill you to stop killing each other?retweet this and you will get everything you ever wanted.don’t worry about what other people think, because they rarely do.written by @actuallynph! ghost-written by @thetweetofgod! “the choose your own autobiography of nph”! pre-order now! if you haven't heard my interview with neil degrasse tyson yet, you're a sick evil bastard. because of rob ford and justin bieber, i am officially revoking ontario’s provincial license. from now on it will be known as east manitoba.i am god. i had a son. he was also me. he was a man, though. i had him killed. he came back. i did it to save you from how i made you. #yepfor me the nice thing about orgasms is that when people have them, they usually give me a shout-out.always remember that in times of trouble i am right there by your side, throwing the trouble at you.people are people, all men are brothers, and there's good and bad in everyone. having said that, these #isis bastards have to die.11. thou shalt not take nude pics.my plan for your life

1. stuff happens
2. deaththe one true religion is beatlemania.retweet this and all is forgiven.the next time somebody starts a religion, leave me out of it.neither the infinitely large universe around you nor the infinitesimally small atoms within you care the slightest bit about you. so chill.“shooting instructor fatally shot with uzi by 9-year-old student”. wow, a thing like that could make giving a 9-year-old an uzi seem unwise.i apologize to some of you for the rest of you.i don't really know what i'm doing.the question is no longer what kind of world are you leaving for your children but how can anyone responsibly have children.man, u suck.robin liked that. #emmyspraying the gay away is not as fun as fucking the religion away.i am responsible for the fall of man (u.)the problem with knowing everything is you never learn anything.my rap name is hallowed b.even i'm not sure i exist anymore.it's not that people use only 10% of their brains, it's that only 10% of people use their brains."world's largest ice sheets melting at fastest rate ever recorded". you like ice challenges? there you go.ask me to take the #icebucketchallenge one more time and i will melt the icecaps right now."doctor who survived ebola: 'god saved my life'." yep. and i killed the hundreds of africans who died of it, because screw them.just because some members of a particular religion are crazy, doesn't mean some members of other religions aren't also crazy.please retweet this, because it's perfect. it's exactly how human beings should live their lives. i created the entire universe for the sake of one group of one species on one planet in one solar system in one galaxy.rainbows are my way of reminding humanity of three things:
1. they’re here.
2. they’re queer.
3. get used to it.enough with the friggin' ice buckets already.humanity, instead of focusing on the things that make you all different, try focusing on the things that make you all idiots.alright everybody just take a deep breath and chill the fuck out right now.i wish i'd had room to outlaw rape in the ten commandments, but obviously working on saturday and neighborhood donkey-coveting had priority.it may be time for the united states to withdraw from missouri.i'm so fucking wise and shit.i'm pretty sure that if jesus returned to earth he'd be picketed by the westboro baptist church.when a sentence begins "the unarmed black man was" and ends with "at least six times", the verb in the middle is usually not "hugged".next time i'm making everybody purple.never in the infinite years of my existence have i walked around carrying a sign reading "i hate fags".celebrity dumping an ice bucket on himself to raise money? cute. humanity dumping an ice cap on itself to raise sea levels? hilarious.you can succeed if you work hard, say people who succeeded by getting lucky.there's no greater proof that someone led a noble, worthy life than having his funeral picketed by the westboro baptist church.no matter how difficult it looks, no matter how impossible the challenge seems, if you believe you have god on your side, that’s nice.if you take yourself very seriously, the grand total of people who take you very seriously will be one.most of you are why the rest of you have no faith in any or all of you.most common prayers

10 pony 
9 sports win
8 lottery win
7 boss’ death 
6 own death
5 bae
4 a+
3 bigger boobs
2 bigger penis 
1 goslingin america everybody is innocent until proven guilty and/or repeatedly shot.remember good news? man, that takes me back.rt @noyoushutup: watch every episode of no you shut up! every single one. it's always the small minority of people who are total assholes that ruin it for the vast majority of people who are only partial assholes.the more i read about robin williams, the angrier at me i get.the rise and fall of my son justin bieber, told in biblical style. it's "the book of bieb". here's a fitting and inspiring remembrance from @pftompkins. i giveth and i taketh away and it suckeths.i really don't make it easy to believe in me.i am unfair and cruel and random and mean and i take the very best. #riprobinwilliamsit's "what to expect when you're expected: a fetus's guide to the first three trimesters!" on sale now!
congratulations to smriti irani on graduating from yale in the exact same amount of time it took me to create the world.the teen choice awards are an annual reminder of why teenagers should never be trusted to make any kind of decision whatsoever. #tcas2014anyone who wants to contact me must go through my lowly, sniveling secretary @davidjaverbaum, 'cause as you well know, i won't answer you.the reason i don’t approve of masturbation is that the one time i did it, it led to all of you.if it’s any consolation, the nine quintillion other universes i oversee are all going to shit too.#feministsareugly is trending. why? because #menareassholes."i am the way and the truth and the life and the muthafuckin' shizznit." (snoop 4:20).texas republicans are arguing that marriage equality could lead to incest. you know what definitely leads to incest? creating adam and eve.food and clean water are so awesome i sometimes think everybody should have them.seriously, how awesome are boobs? give it up for me on that one. even gay guys have to admit they're pretty awesome."why did you give women periods?" because i didn't think men could handle them.when aids first broke out people said i was punishing gays. by that logic, i’m using ebola to punish poor africans and rescue workers.mo' money, mo' problems. no money, many, many mo' problems.if you're happy and you know it, don't read the newspaper.in an ideal world the unit of time used to measure the length of a ceasefire would not be hours."...she lusted after her lovers whose genitals were as those of donkeys and whose emission was as that of horses." ezekiel 23:20. seriously.not-to-do list

end hunger
stop war
cure sick children
make life fair
prove own existence
usher in new era of brotherhood
stop sarah palinpeople ask me what i think about the discovery of the god particle. i answered that question in an essay 2 years ago. i prefer my twitter followers to my real followers because in general they tend to kill less.attention world: #facebookdown. please remain calm and do not attempt to interact with human beings.you may retweet all the tweets in my timeline except for this one, for it is forbidden.the idea that you evolved from apes is disgusting. isn't it nicer to believe you descended from one couple and their incestuous children?i like some groups of people more than other groups of people but i’m not going to tell you who is who so you’ll have to fight it out.middle east = ctrl
ukraine = alt
ebola = delnothing is real and you are cosmically insignificant, so relax.“in god we trust,” and there’s your problem.i need to be constantly told how great i am because even though i am omnipotent and omniscient i am emotionally needy. #notinconsistentscience is true whether or not you believe it, but religion is true whether or not it’s true.earth 2.0

world peace
no mosquitoes
marijuana rainforests
beerstorms
global a/c
endless fields of puppies
president colbert
me-lessnessi think i should start over again.all this killing in my name makes me feel very loved.note to self: next time, no middle east.i created the universe. i created the television show “no, you shut up”. the latter is much better. check it out: i’m mad at planes.the accidentally killed are just as dead as the intentionally killed.you shouldn’t live your life in fear of what others will think of you because believe me, they already think you’re an idiot.wow, england, you sure stole a lot of countries! #glasgow2014what happens after you die? i could tell you, but then i'd have to kill you.i don't even know anymore, man.at those darkest moments when it feels like i've abandoned you, remember: i was never with you to begin with.retweeting this will help you lose weight, add muscle, restore thinning hair, improve your libido and add years to your life.when negative thoughts overtake you, try using drugs or alcohol as a crutch.homophobia is a sacred union between a man and his bigotry.if you buy one comedy album about america whose fifth track has lyrics by me (hence the title!), make it this one: good job israel. those dozens of dead palestinian children are no longer a threat.i have absolutely no plan for your life.before i created the universe i practiced on minecraft.congratulations, masturbators! don't waste time thinking about what's wrong with you. instead, focus on what's wrong with other people.why can't you all just get along? oh yeah, me.when i made you in my image i was going through a period of extremely low self-esteem.wouldn't that be a cool twist if world war 3 turned out to be a u.s.-russia thing after all? "so retro!", you'd think as you were vaporized.tweeting #prayformh17 is even less effective and more self-congratulatory than actually praying for mh17.it's really incredible how many of you are total stupid asses.i have lost control of the situation.shit happens. but people make it happen much faster.apparently i have something against malaysia airlines.congratulations to @tonyabbottmhr and australia on repealing the #carbontax, thus bringing humanity one step closer to defeating the earth.if this gets 10,000 retweets i'll make masturbation not a sin anymore.religions, ranked by truth

1. yours
2. all otherswhen jesus said "love thy neighbor", the "when it's politically convenient and they look like you" was implied.the problem in general terms is that people suck.the old testament. the new testament. the koran. i regret all of them. this is the only book you need: please retweet this to raise awareness that as of today there are 100,000 verified twitter accounts and i am not one of them, me-dammit.life is a joke. try to be in on it.dammit, just missed. everything sucks and nothing will change and you’re all going to die and it’s monday.sorry, argentina. i like @pontifex, but angela merkel scares the shit out of me. #worldcupfinali'm taking this game to penalties because that's when i get the most urgent, most desperate, juiciest prayers. #yum #worldcupfinali have a friendly wager with @pontifex and benedict on the game. the pope from the winning country gets canonized. the loser goes to hell.you should try to stop with all the killing, maybe.#prayforgaza? #prayforisrael? prayer is exactly what caused the whole mess to begin with. #prayfornomoreprayeri, on the other hand, am never returning to cleveland.it's much more fun to talk about sports than everything else in the world because everything else in the world pretty much sucks.you're welcome, cleveland.the bible was originally written in comic sans.even i'm uncomfortable with what israel is doing in gaza, and i'm jewish.stupidity is always trending.i’m launching a new universe on kickstarter.you're welcome, @pontifex. now end all the child abuse in your church. #worldcupmy prediction for the argentina-netherlands game: somehow, germany wins. #worldcupthe destruction of the amazon is complete. #worldcupstop praying to me, brazil. even i can't help you now. #worldcupwhat is going on? what is going on? what is going on? what is going on? what is going on? what is going on? #worldcup2014i kill millions of children every year and billions of you worship me anyway. isn't that odd? i find that odd.if you think most people are assholes you're right, but remember: chances are you're most people too.i wanted federer too. but i’m not as influential as i used to be.that was me. i want costa rica. #worldcupdid you know?: the man who wrote the declaration of independence owned dozens of people who could not declare independence. #4thofjulygermany vs france prediction: millions will die. just based on history. #worldcupmosquitos are my way of telling you you’re delicious.it's #4thofjuly2014 eve. be sure to leave milk and cookies out for uncle sam! milk and cookies, and an assault rifle.i apologize to @sachin_rt for maria sharapova’s ignorance. from one god to another.retweet this if sometimes at night, as you lay in bed, the demons of doubt creep in, and the meaninglessness of it all fills you with dread.the show i created for @thisisfusion now has its own twitter account. follow @noyoushutup, good tweeple. (and @pftompkins too.)check out the new album of comedy songs about america, "2776". track 5 has lyrics by me, vocals by @pattonoswalt! if it violates your religious beliefs to provide employees with birth control, just tell them god would prefer they go fuck themselves.if you wanted america to win, maybe you should have rooted for them better, or worn your lucky hat, or prayed more. it’s your fault. #usaoh yeah, i was supposed to bless america.
#usavsbel #worldcup2014now accepting prayers.
#usavsbel #worldcup2014jesus saves, but @timhowardgk does it better.
#usavsbel #worldcup2014mcdonald's is an official sponsor of the world cup. and also world obesity.¿por qué soy tan cruel? #worldcupi'm getting a lot of prayers rising from mexico, and a lot of pot smoke rising from the netherlands. advantage: dutch. #mexvsned #worldcupretweet this for a free fart in church.i am cruel, cruel, cruel. #bravschii've just decided that mankind's ultimate salvation or damnation will be decided on penalty kicks. #worldcup2014don’t take yourself too seriously. after all, you’re an idiot.i know it's my job to forgive everybody but sometimes they just don't fucking deserve it.ann coulter’s column about how soccer is an example of the decay of america, is an example of the decay of america. world cup: germany 1, usa 0.
world war: usa 2, germany 0.
#usavsgermany #worldcup2014sometimes i wonder if there's a god. then i remember that i'm god, and it freaks me out.behold a preview of an upcoming collaboration between @actuallynph and my secretary: a choose-your-own autobiography! #suarez is a great player but he's got to lay off the italian food.score update: italy 0, uruguay 0, imaginary injuries 73.
 #uruvsita #worldcup2014see here’s the thing about some people: they’re morons.it’s the six-month anniversary of the best tweet i’ve ever received. its words are as true now as they were then. the problem with the middle east is they like me too much.my secretary makes an appearance in this video from @bbctrending, but as he makes clear he's just a secretary. sometimes i just suck.  #worldcup2014 #portugalvsusait's great to see argentina scoring world cup goals that don't involve the use of my hand. #worldcup2014you are entitled to your opinion but it’s wrong and you’re stupid.anyone who retweets this is a fucking idiot.you are statistically insignificant.italy was just defeated by a country with no army. yep, that sounds about right. #worldcup #itavscrcsorry england. i can save your queen, but not suárez. #worldcup2014i just don’t like wayne rooney. #englandvsuruguayif spain didn't want to lose to chile it shouldn't have created it. #spavschi #worldcup2014"what is your favorite word?" amen, because when i hear it it means you're done asking me for stupid shit.if ochoa guarded the gates of heaven no one would ever get in. #brazilvsmexicowhen elephant poachers die they go to hell and have their teeth pulled out for eternity.tooooooooooouchdown! #usavghahere's a full recap of my conversation yesterday with @rickygervais. good times. clothes make the man. right after third world children make the clothes.the san antonio spurs are the best team of 12 since the apostles.my account isn't fake. it's absolutely real. the only reason it's not verified is being verified has never been my style.as my own son, for father's day i bought myself a necktie. and as my own father, i thanked myself and silently felt disappointed yet again.many of you are dumb.this is spain's worst defeat since 1588.guns don’t kill the ability to have a rational discussion, people kill the ability to have a rational discussion.j. lo is in the one place in earth where her ass looks normal. #worldcupwhen people fight and hate and kill over me i'm obviously very flattered.the problem with government of the people, by the people and for the people is the people.people who say they need to "take back the country" generally mean take it back 100 years.boobs were some nice work, if i do say so myself."it's summer! yay! no more school shootings!" - american children.i am not a fake account. the bible, however...rt @bbctrending: listen: 'i do my best to cause as much offence as possible' says twitter parody account @thetweetofgod hockey is why i made water freezable. #becauseitsthecupanyone not following me on twitter is going to hell. seriously. enough of this not-following me crap. i'm god, me-dammit.seven other habits of highly effective people

nagging
scapegoating
narcissism
weaponry
inherited wealth
total lack of scruples
cocaineif i could write the bible again i'd put in more vampires because people seem to love 'em.suggestion, america: quit it with the mass shootings, maybe? just a thought.attention: i am ordering a recall on all 7 billion human beings due to profound physical and moral defects. please stop using yourselves.full episodes of #noyoushutup are now available! @pftompkins, @thetweetofgod + the henson puppets. it's very funny. being wrong louder doesn't work.congratulations to abdel-fattah el-sissi, who won egypt's election with 96.9% of the vote! those are kim jong-il levels of democracy!seriously australia, it's decisions like electing @tonyabbottmhr pm that make me glad i made your continent so far away from everyone else.i don’t believe in atheists. :pnever doubt that a large mass of selfish, fossil-fuel-addicted citizens can change the world. one degree at a time.stanley cup playoff game 7 ot hockey is why i created time..@pftompkins, henson puppets, screaming and cursing, all on a show created by me. it's "no, you shut up"! fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, fuck you asshole.retweet this and you will win the lottery. i guarantee it.thou shalt buy my book. it’s the new gospel, it’s available on kindle, and it's reasonably shekeled, 
i love my followers in india because to make things easier they outsource my job to hundreds of other gods.the #clippers are being purchased by the ex-head of microsoft, so count on next year’s team being slow, error-prone and full of viruses.you're welcome, #blackhawks fans. but don't even think about asking as to help the cubs.you have to admit i still make a hell of a lot more sense than scientology.#yesallwomen are treated like property in the bible... but extremely valuable property! like, worth as much as dozens of cows! #feministpeople who are wrong are just as sure they're right as people who are right. the only difference is, they're wrong.it's disheartening how stupid many of you are.sex is a sacred, beautiful thing and you should wait to have it until you're absolutely sure you're horny.the kind of people who associate themselves with me tend to be the kind of people with whom i’d rather not associate.the right of others to easily purchase guns is more important than your right not to be killed by them. #iamthenrathe fact that the new 9/11 museum sells tacky merchandise is triumphant proof that the terrorists failed to change the american way of life.don't even think about retweeting this or it's straight to hell for you, and i'll make it extra hot. and not dry heat, either. real humid.i'm sorry if i come across as homophobic in the bible. i was still working through some issues about my feelings towards zeus.if you say something stupid and then defend it by saying "i have a right to say it," you've now said two stupid things.the human race is why earth can't have nice things.yes, you were all made in my image, but some of you came out very lo-res.the bible only says masturbation is a sin in two places, and those pages are stuck together anyway.ok, #arsenal? ok? now leave me alone. #facupfinalhonestly i've never heard so many prayers from @arsenal fans in my life, and that's saying something, because they are a needy, needy bunch.retweeting this entitles to you 10% off the amount of good you need to do to get into heaven. (please present proof of rt to st. peter.)just saw "godzilla" and it's given me all kinds of exciting ideas.sometimes i pray to myself. i don’t answer those either.congratulations india on completing the largest election in history. obviously you're not my territory, but i hear good things from brahma.til slutt, den definitive norske artikkelen om sekretæren min som du har ventet på. once you start allowing gay people to marry, what's next? going on with your life in exactly the same way you did before? #slipperyslope#justinbieber is a suspect in an attempted robbery. if you're first hearing that now, please rt this as thanks for the joy i've given you.i giveth, and i taketh away. why? because i recycleth.it amazes me that the same people who doubt that i can be on twitter have no trouble believing jesus is on a piece of french toast.overwhelming scientific evidence suggests a startling number of people are capable of ignoring overwhelming scientific evidence.antarctica is melting and there's no way to stop it and it's your fault and it's a catastrophe beyond comprehension. just fyi.if you retweet this something will happen. just watch.i was there when your mother conceived you. in fact she was calling my name. #awwwyeahsorry, liverpool. as usual, i'm letting you walk alone.if i didn't mean for some people to be gay, i wouldn't have made cock so delicious.an openly gay man joins the nfl, a southern state issues same-sex marriage licenses and a drag queen wins eurovision. #mostfabulousdayevercongratulations to @mikesamfootball on being the first openly professional football player in the gay community.people tend to greatly underestimate the frequency with which they should shut up.i just don't like cleveland sports.retweet this and you'll get three wishes!(they won't come true or anything, but still: three wishes!)the five stages of global warming

1. denial
2. guilt
3. depression
4. acceptance
5. drowninghey you stupid evil crazy backwards thuggish cowardly horrible bastards, #bringbackourgirls.watching #eurovisionsongcontest2014 and thinking i may have created one continent too many.i support the separation of church and reality.the less you know, the more you think you do.if the god of your universe commands you to sell schoolchildren into slavery, consider moving to another universe.multitasking is the first step towards multifailing.everyone in "star wars".
everyone in "the muppets".
everyone in "game of thrones".

this is now the first tweet with over 140 characters.the key to successful prayer is to ask for something that would have happened anyway.finally, the new york times deigns to acknowledge me! scroll to the end: how could oklahoma botch an execution? if there’s one thing i would expect americans to know how to do by now, it’s kill somebody.always remember: no matter what happens, i don't care.mississippi could soon be the first state without an abortion clinic. that means more mississippians would be born. you can see the problem.i strongly dislike most of you.retweet this for a complimentary drink at the bar. (just show the bartender and tell him god said to give one to you.)dress for the job you want, not the job you have. in many cases this will mean showing up to the interview in a pirate suit.one of these days someone will start a religion based on the things jesus actually said in the bible.a racist nba owner makes about as much sense as a homophobic theater producer.don't let anyone call you an underachiever. if they knew you, they'd understand how amazing it is that you've managed to achieve anything.it’s easy to blame other people for your problems, so do that.happy earth day to you.
happy earth day to you. 
happy earth day, dear planet we’re destroying.
happy earth day to you.no one ever gives the planet what it really wants for earth day: all of you dead.man, i created some stupid-ass motherfuckers.retweet this and nothing will change.jesus’s motto was yolt.the odds of jesus coming a second time are about the same as those of any man coming a second time. #amirightladies“and he shall rise from the dead on the day of the sweet-smoking plant.” mary 4:20.the new 10 commandments

1 laugh. 
2 read.
3 say please.
4 floss.
5 doubt.
6 exercise.
7 learn.
8 don't hate.
9 cut the bullshit. 
10 chill.the easter bunny is a ridiculous myth that completely detracts from the factual reality of the son of god rising from the dead.jesus was the only man to return from the dead and not eat brains.death is a lifetime achievement award.thinking about ending the world this weekend so i can skip work on monday.everything happens for a reason, and the reason is i'm not very good at my job.for jesus this was anything but a good friday.easter falls on 4/20. truly, he is resin.there is no practical distinction between the comments section of a web page and the depths of hell.if you don't want me watching you have sex then don't call my name.spoiler alert: you're going to hell.the next time i create mankind i'll conduct an environmental impact study first.prayer is ritualized whining.today, in honor of palm sunday, masturbate.instagram is working again. please resume your staggering visual egotism.the question is not "why is instagram not working?", but "why does the world need another picture of you?"   #instagramnotworkingdammit. i wanted stephen colbert to replace me.the first step in religion is admitting other people have a problem.most homophobes are secretly gay. however, most arachnophobes are not secretly spiders.man, people are really fucking stupid.if you find yourself unable to watch #gameofthrones and are craving some blood and guts, may i recommend opening your bible?jesus said "love your enemies", which sounds nice until you remember what a bunch of dicks your enemies are.i love judging people.seeing is believing. except in religion, where the opposite is true.women. can't live with 'em, can't rape 'em without paying their father 50 pieces of silver and then marrying them (deuteronomy 22:28-29).i am the king of the universe and i have a son and he occasionally appears on grilled-cheese sandwiches. #yupworst universe ever.many people don't believe in life before death.#prayforchile. or help them. one or the other.it's april 1 and when you die you're all going to heaven.you are destroying your planet. sorry for the all caps. but soon you will have no caps.mankind is stuck in a perpetual game of "stop hitting yourself."i spend about two-thirds of my time deciding the outcome of sporting events.the religious groups questioning the "accuracy" of #noah deserve to drown in a flood of irony.the bible is 100% accurate. especially when thrown at close range.just saw #noah. now i'm all nostalgic.gay marriage is now legal in the uk. i now pronounce you nation and 21st century.there is no aspect of climate change that isn't ultimately reversible, as soon as you're all dead.at what point does "not finding debris" cease being breaking news?once upon a time i killed everybody on earth except the man most worthy to live: an obsessive-compulsive animal hoarder who heard voices.sometimes in life all you need is fifty million dollars."i'm not racist but..." = i'm racist.well i don't believe in you either.your sports team's loss is your fault.wherever the plane is, it took the last shred of cnn's credibility with it.only he who has walked through the deepest valley knows how other valleys of lesser depth are relatively more walk-throughable, valley-wise.lord have mercer!"ow!!!! ow ow ow ow ow ow ow!!! owwwwwwww!" - fred phelps, march 20, 2014hi, fred phelps! bye, fred phelps! *opens trapdoor*the good news is, tony abbott says australia may have spotted two pieces of the plane. the bad news is, tony abbott says a lot of things."knock knock."
"who's there?"
"vladimir putin."
"vladimir putin wh-- hey, get the hell out of my house you bastard!"any similarity between life and fairness is purely accidental.this plane thing has me beat.the best argument creationists can make against evolution is themselves.on sale now, the e-book of the bieb-book. the book of bieb: the greatest story ever tweeted. good morning, california! that was me.i was going to make e just equal mc but then i thought, "oh, let's go nuts."i like big bangs and i cannot lie.fred phelps, i'll see you soon. kidding! i won't be seeing you.pre-order the e-book that cost me 31,000 followers! #thebookofbieb, available at amazon starting monday. once you accept that nothing makes sense, everything makes sense.the only thing standing between you and your dreams is insomnia.rt @justinbieber: be kind loving to each other, forgive each other as god forgave us through christ merry christmas  im here foreverrt @justinbieber: the media talks a lot about me.they make a up a lot of lies and want me to fail but i'm never leaving you, being a belieb…rt @justinbieber: my beloved beliebers i'm officially retiringrt @justinbieber: italy see u soon! i want pasta.rt @justinbieber: good dayrt @justinbieber: how r u?rt @justinbieber: holai don't know where the plane is either.sometimes, if you believe in something hard enough and deeply enough, nothing happens.the easily offended deserve to be easily offended.you are remarkably unimportant.i am pleased to announce that i have been re-elected god with 100% of the vote.i shut down twitter and i can shut you down too.i need to be praised and acknowledged constantly because although i am omnipotent i am extremely insecure.swearing to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth on a bible is one of the great ironies of life.if caring is a crime i'm innocent.'twas the day before lent, and when it was done, not a creature was sober, not even a nun.to you it's creationism. to me it's fan fiction.when i made lebron james i was in the zone.yes! you're welcome matthew!how dare all these people win awards for gravity?!? i created gravity!if you were counting at home, there were five women in that heroes' montage. and about 100 guys.i got angry no one was thanking me so i broke twitter.please retweet this tweet telling you not to retweet ellen's tweet.my choice for best picture. i think you should see other gods.too many people use real life as a way to escape twitter.ah, the looming threat of war between russia and the united states. really takes you back.i apologize to a tiny minority of you for the vast majority of you.human beings are the only creatures on earth with the potential to make themselves the only creatures on earth.many people go their whole lives without realizing they're stupid.in two totally different senses, gay men, and the people who persecute them, are fucking assholes.jesus tried crossfit once. he didn't like it.taco bell is adding a burrito wrapped in a quesadilla to its menu, which means i'll be meeting a lot more of you very soon.my last name is zilla.give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. teach a man to fish, he'll add to the global overdepletion of the oceans. so just give him the fish.give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. sell a man a fish and he'll eat for a day and you'll make some money.there are a lot of you jesus regrets dying for.i support traditional marriage between a man and one of his own ribs.overwhelming inarguable scientific evidence is no match for a guy who "just knows".the last five people left after climate change kills everyone will form a panel to investigate whether climate change is real.harold ramis, dead at 69. exhibit #984,225,642,095,423 in the case that i'm an asshole.for me human history has been like some horrible children's piano recital i've been sitting through for 10,000 years.you are all literally homos.i created the whole universe just for humanity. the other million billion billion stars were just shits and giggles.us hockey is finnished.sooner or later everything sucks.bieber stays american!you never have to worry about being embarrassed or ashamed to tell me anything, because i'm not listening anyway.i have to help canada at hockey because it's all they have up there besides civility and poutine.ok, seriously, that's the last time i help you out, canada. this time i mean it. #usavscanada #womenshockey #canvsusaevery time you retweet me an angel gets laid.out of curiosity, where were you all thinking of moving after you're done destroying the earth? 'cause i assume you've thought that through.coming soon: usa-canada in hockey. loser has to keep bieb.if the latvian goalie guarded heaven's gate, no one would ever get in.that's the last time i do anything nice for you, canada.stop focusing on tiny made-up reasons to kill each other and start focusing on the enormous actual things that will kill all of you.believing is to thinking what unicorns are to horses.i give up.please take everything i say as a joke except when it applies to you, in which case take it very seriously and be offended.uganda is passing a law sentencing gays to life in prison. that's even worse than life in uganda.the people in charge of hell sometimes visit north korea just to exchange ideas.atheists, please stop referring to me as an "imaginary friend". i'm nobody's friend.the main prerequisite for admission to heaven is proper grammar."zimmerman: 'only god can judge me'." done.if hearing about the pentecostal snake handler who died of a snakebite doesn't make you laugh out loud, you're dead inside.i'm so horny i could bang a universe.cats have nine lives, but many cat owners have none.being gay is far less of a choice than being an asshole.hot off my fantastic interview with @neiltyson, my pathetic scribe sits down with cbc radio. i'm single and loving it.there's only so much you can do, but there's also so much only you can do.for valentine's day i don't want anything special. just my usual 145,000 dead bodies.thinking about merging with comcast.if there are any more bad weather days earth is cancelled.yes, all this misery is punishment for gay marriage. you're not legalizing it fast enough.you do realize the awful weather is only the beginning of a century of catastrophe, right? ‘cause if not, heads up on that.actual birds go extinct all the time and no one cares but flappy bird goes extinct and holy shit, let's all panic.rip shirley temple, who paved the way for hundreds of other child stars, except for the part where she grew up and had a normal happy life.retweeting this will make you a better person.don't worry. i'm not going to send another flood to destroy you all. this time, i'm letting you do it yourself.prayers are my spam."iraqi suicide bomb instructor accidentally kills 22 pupils." finally, some school violence everybody can support.from the very first day of creation, mondays sucked.michael sam. he's here. he's queer. get used to him sacking your quarterback. #whoohooif you want to change the world you're gonna need a big diaper.i invented religion to keep humanity the hell away from me.if you're not competing for an olympic medal by age 15 you're a failure.you're entitled to your opinion, and i'm entitled to know you're wrong and stupid.yes, i have forsaken arsenal.i have no plan for your life.i created man. man created flappy birds. fuck you, man.if the sochi olympic organizers are so homophobic, why are they allowing figure skating?the more i learn about myself the more atheist i become.after the #creationdebate, be sure to stay tuned for the #gravitydebate. do things fall when you drop them? find out tonight!"creation science" carries the same intellectual weight as "dragon anatomy". #creationdebateyou'd think i'd be a creationist, but these days i prefer to deny any involvement in this fiasco.debating a creationist is like negotiating with a terrorist.the possibilities are endless, but the probabilities aren't.somebody should do something about everything.if i don't get verified soon i'm gonna start submerging continents. #youvebeenwarnedthanks again to @neiltyson for the awesome godcast! it was a pleasure talking unto you, neil.  shout out from russell! right back atcha, russ.enough of the game, huh? i think it's time for a 40-minute conversation between @neiltyson and me. and here it is. tonight i recommend a sativa for seattle and a stone-cold indica for denver.holy fucking shit.scientology, get the hell out of my football.for the record bruno, you are locked out of heaven.somewhere tim tebow is laughing, and that somewhere is here on the couch with me.emergency prayer surge in rocky mountain sectorphillip seymour hoffman? really? at 46? what the fuck is wrong with me?prediction: denver $35, seattle $25. (per gram.)there's no need to call my name during sex. i'm already watching.when your favorite sports team loses it's because i'm punishing you in particular.i dream of a world where everybody shuts up.if you're going to throw someone under the bus, make sure it's moving.not only do i work in mysterious ways, i only work part-time.some of you people are just awful.agnostics are basically people who believe in me when they want something.i don't exist. what's your excuse?when people say "with god all things are possible," they really mean booze.just amended my will. the rich now inherit the earth. the meek will inherit my stamp collection.the mayor of sochi says no gays live in his city, so there goes any hope of the olympics having decent catering.gay or straight, when you get married at the #grammys you're making a statement, and that statement is your marriage ain't gonna last long.the reason john lennon and george harrison aren't onstage right now is that there is no me.jesus had a gold sippy cup too. #grailthat @johnlegend has got some serious me-given talent.i am ready for a night that truly honors the very best in music, but until then the grammys will have to do.so excited for the #grammys! can't wait to see today's top music acts thank the shit out of me!winner: wawrinka. champion: rafa.death is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.people who say "god is love" are not that familiar with my work.i've gone unverified for 5,000 years.
why change now?always remember: i don’t care.listen, a lot of former child stars go through tough times. look at jesus.the bieber they are, the harder they fall.right now the ukraine is tearing itself apart, and i know i should care, but honestly, my heart's in miami right now. #freebieberbefore you rush to judge justin bieber, take a minute to laugh very hard.dui and drag racing? not only is justin bieber in trouble, he's in trouble in the 1950's.if ignorance is bliss why is the world so unhappy?if you retweet this you will go to hell.listen i don't have time to tell you why but you have to retweet this. there are thousands of lives at stake.i'm through being your sneeze bitch.i like hardly any of you.the kardashians should not be kept up with.i don't think you exist.by the way seattle, the bible had a 12th man too. his name was judas.peyton 26, satan 16. good defeats evil. i am the lord thy god.don't slaughter dolphins you sick awful motherfuckers. #tweet4taijithere are only two states in america that have legalized marijuana, and after tomorrow they will be going to the super bowl. #ihavespokenno, i did not impregnate that italian nun who just had a baby. she only kneeled for me, if you know what i mean.there’s a supernova exploding in taurus and a black hole is sucking up the space-time continuum, and you want a pony? i’ll get right on it.to all the people praying to me for world peace: you are adorable.today is the first day of the rest of your life and you've already screwed it up.treat other people the way you would want to be treated if you didn’t have such low self-esteem.justice and love are blind, but injustice and hatred have excellent eyesight.in general, the wronger it is, the louder it's shouted.humanity, no matter how torn and conflicted and messed up you may be, for my sake, leave the dolphins out of it. #tweet4taijii'm trying my best not to kill you all, but you make it reeeeeally hard.remember facebook? that was a crazy time.there is a very good chance you're an idiot.the reason i don't answer your prayers is i'm not listening because i don't care.the problem with a lot of people these days is they suck.i love each and every one of you like my own son, whom i killed.every time you masturbate an angel gets its wings.the meaning of life? all i can tell you is that when i first created life, i saw it as having dual aims: a) bitches, and b) money.sorry about all this.justin bieber's home has now been thoroughly searched, but police have uncovered no evidence of talent.i don't think it's too much to ask that everyone stop acting like idiots."mysterious ways" my ass. i just don't give a fuck.you're the only person allowed to retweet this.journalism was a thing once.believe it or not, you're the best i could do.i'm always surprised by how awful everything is.when i wrote that homosexuality was an abomination that was before i saw chris pine. #hot #goldenglobeswhen you get to heaven you have to make an acceptance speech and if it goes over 30 seconds you're played off to hell.next sunday: peyton vs. satan. #gobroncosat the end of a sporting event i’m often surprised by which team it turned out i was rooting for.666 is the number of the beast, but 24 is the number of the beast mode.if hell exists it's filled with people who spent their lives telling others they were going there.i think atheists are just playing hard to get.i'm so fucking wise.if lane kiffin keeps failing upwards like this he's going to end up with my job.social media is one of the best things to ever happen to stupidity.within the avian community, flightless birds are widely ostrichized.dammit, i forgot to make dennis rodman singing "happy birthday" to kim jong-un one of the signs of the apocalypse.life is a suicide mission.thanks for the shout-out to me, alleged rapist!sorry auburn. your miracle quota was filled.#bcschampionship predictions: auburn 13, florida state 10. that's not the score; it's the number of players who actually graduate.everybody chill.there are certain teams i place a curse on, but not the #bengals. they just suck.retweet this ironically.sunday is the day you tell me you love me. say it. go on, say it, bitches.for the record, i am a conservative. my son, on the other hand, is a communist.the nfl playoffs are why i created the universe.my macros

f1 smite
f2 damn
f3 forbid
f4 bless america
f5 save queen
f6 only know
f7 help those who help themselves
f8 giveth
f9 taketh awayi’ve got a finger on ctrl and another on alt and i’m thisclose to hitting del.the first thing i said at creation was not "let there be light" but "shit's about to get real".you know how when you're in sixth grade and you love someone you express it by being mean and throwing rocks at them? that's me. i love you.attention humans: the bad weather will continue until the climate improves.retweet this and something good will happen at some point in the near future that you can choose to attribute to having retweeted this.that’s right, oklahoma quarterback! i personally oversaw your upset win tonight! i had nothing better to do!what would jesus do? i dunno. spout some hippie-dippie shit, probably. i mean i love the kid but let's face it, he's kind of a pussy.some of you say, "math is a universal language." others say, "maths is a universal language." see, right there: not a universal language.here are a democratic blue crab and a republican red crab who are married screaming at each other. meet the new year. same as the old year.and now a new year's gift: the alien @yerdnerp debates his archenemy flerd glerp on "no, you shut up!" my new year's resolutions

be more judgmental
lose twenty galaxies 
exorcise more
think before i smite
spend more time with junior
floss!tonight dick clark will rock heaven into 2014 with live performances by hendrix, joplin and lennon!
(no mj, though. he doesn't live here.)wishing everyone a happy 2015. that's not a typo. i know what's coming next year and no waaaaay is it going to make you happy.the second amendment grants every american the right to compensate for his tiny, tiny penis.the things people believe in are unbelievable.one-third of americans don't believe in evolution. or, evidently, evolving.shit, did i miss jesus's birthday?i would have no problem with suicide bombers if they limited it to suicide.yep. i hate jerry jones.it's the last saturday night of the year. getteth thee some.not only is phil robertson a homophobic bigot, but he ripped off my look from "monty python and the holy grail". happy birthday stan lee, from one creation mythologist to another.i have absolutely no plan for your life.i say this every new year and i never follow through because i get distracted or lazy but i swear, 2014 will be the year i kill you all.anyone who retweets this is an asshole.homophobia is a sacred union between a man and a bible.my son is over 2,000 years old and still lives with his parents. #loserjesus is loving his praystation 4! so far his favorite games are "call of duty: holy ghosts" and, more surprisingly, "killzone". #greatkidmerry christmas, douchebags.justin bieber's career died for your sins.warning: u.s. radar has detected a mysterious bearded figure bombarding innocent children in the name of religion. #al-kinda"knock knock."
"who's there?"
"mary and joseph."
"no vacancy."an old white man in a beard bestowing gifts from the sky? please.spelling errors make baby jesus crie.toronto, do i even have to tell you what i'm punishing you for?and now an important christmas message from stephen colbert, elvis costello, adam schlesinger, and with lyrics by me. the problem with rich people is you're not one of them.traditional marriage was between a boy's parents and a girl's parents. and maybe some cattle.all i want for christmas is you. #alotscarierwhenisayitif you retweet me 20 times you get to kill a guy.this year for his birthday jesus wants an xbox. not the console; a box for his cross.i am not a parody account. i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, and i am communicating by twitter because my fax is broken.the true meaning of christmas is buying shit.on the sixth day i created mankind and i've been doing damage control ever since.tweeting something stupid is like thinking something stupid only much, much more stupid.nature made ducks sound like ducks and people sound like people. to act differently is to go against nature.and now a beautiful christmas message from @thetweetofgod and @yerdnerp. happy holidays, everybody. if you start allowing gay people to get married, then what’s next? gay people being happy?!? #slipperyslopeyou have a constitutionally-protected right to verbally express your complete misunderstanding of your constitutionally-protected rights.i created adam and eve, not adam and some stupid asshole making artificial duck sounds.never confuse a stroke of good fortune with me caring about you.people who are "born again" were born two too many times.and now the latest buzz on tom cruise's new project: "escape from scientology"! it's always the people who believe i exist who provide the strongest evidence i don't.i genuinely don't remember making you all this stupid.don’t mess with texas. ‘cause it’s easily confused.hating people is a lifestyle choice.i created straight people to give gay people someone to dress better than.the duck dynasty guy who likened homosexuality to bestiality makes a living helping people trick ducks into thinking they want to fuck them.everybody be sure to give a big shoutout to @bbbaumgartner, the sexiest man alive! what can you do to save the environment? find out here: instagramming daily selfies does not constitute personal growth.over 80% of the universe is composed of stupid.if it's any consolation, when i pray to myself i don't get an answer either.stop and ask yourself, "what would i do with my life if i didn't need the money?" then, resume the miserable job you do for money.wait till you guys find out the mayans were only off by a year.it was right around the time i sent my only son to die on the cross that i realized there was something seriously wrong with me.what do me, santa claus and the easter bunny have in common? you guessed it: we're all white.the nsa is making its big pr push! meet its new spokesman: ken jeong. stephen colbert + @thetweetofgod = your new (if you don't have it yet) favorite christmas album.
many of you suck.spoiler alert: worms eat you.it is unusually cold in a particular place today. therefore global warming is a hoax.there is snow on the pyramids of egypt for the first time in 112 years. it begins. #seeyousoonkeep the bible out of the uterus. it's cramped enough in there already.christmas is a very awkward time of year for people who are jewish. jesus, for example.jesus owned several guns. he used them for hunting and self-defense. he resisted all attempts by the roman empire to confiscate his guns.jesus was white and spoke english and enjoyed baseball and apple pie and was a churchgoing christian.people keep asking me why i created mosquitoes. to bite you repeatedly and give you malaria, that's why.i thought it would be fun to make most of you stupid, but it turns out it's more annoying than amusing.india just declared homosexuality illegal. this from a country where god himself looks like this: i know you doubt me, i know you have anger towards me, i know you question the goodness of my intentions, but come on: give it up for boobs.buy my book and you go to heaven. 
and now, rich eisen of the nfl network brings you the latest news on the state of football in the alternate universe! it's hard to book a party for my son's birthday because it happens to fall on christmas.sometimes it can be hard to stay positive, what with everything sucking and all.never, ever retweet this.the best way to honor nelson mandela's memory is, in whatever way is most appropriate and relevant for you, to quit being such an asshole.being human is hard. i feel bad for you guys. not bad enough, obviously, but bad.i sure seem to have a thing for auburn this year, huh?north korea is the greatest place on earth and here's the proof! (nothing gross, i promise.) saturday night is for moaning my name. sunday morning is for chanting it.the best way to believe every word of the bible is not to read it.i don't have an anger problem. i get angry. i smite people. i feel better. no problem.retweet this or i'll kill these kittens. when you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are. it ain't gonna work.you've never seen a montage of cute baby animals quite like this one! what would the westboro baptist church (@wbcsays) be like if its leader was gay? something like this: jesus and mandela are hitting it off splendidly. i knew they would. they're both huge rugby fans.rip nelson mandela.jesus died for your sins, so make 'em count. like, screw a horse or something.#stupidity is trending. not on twitter, just in general.i'm thinking about writing the bible again, only this time not on meth.i see you when you're sleeping. i know when you're awake. i know if you've been bad or good, and your soul is doomed to bake.i'm making my list. i'm checking it twice. your souls are all full of unspeakable vice. most of you are going to hell.you better watch out. you better not cry. you better not pout. i'm telling you why. most of you are going to hell.i shot the seraph. but i didn't shoot the cherubim.ricky gervais says: "i endorse this book, for it is the word of god!"


.@rickygervais the only child-sacrificing racist homophobe misogynist behind this book is me.

rt @politibunny: ahem, god, while i appreciate the dm's, i can't answer you since you don't follow me. #gobroncos @thetweetofgodpeople who are wrong are just as sure you are wrong as you are sure they are wrong. the only difference is, they're wrong.the thing about stupid people is they're just so stupid.note: being a "registered sex offender" does not mean that you have passed a test and are now licensed to be a sex offender.man, woman, gay, straight, liberal, conservative, atheist, believer, white, black, jew, christian: you are all equally smiteable in my eyes.this trolling session is sponsored by my book, "the last testament: a memoir by god".

thank you. we now continue.oh my me.it's beginning to look a lot like christmas. fuck.large groups of stupid people can accomplish stupid things that an individual stupid person is too stupid to even dream of.black friday still isn't a tenth as bad-ass as black sabbath.now on "no you shut up," @pftompkins talks sex with a conservative christian red squirrel. this year's christmas must-haves? food, water and shelter! #theclassicsdo you love your family enough to trample other shoppers? if not, you're a horrible person.thsnksgiving's over, america. back to your regular state of ingratitude.shopping at walmart on thanksgiving night is the true demeaning of christmas.me: "obamacare is a disaster!"
jesus: "it's the right thing to do!"
me: "so was killing you, you hippie!"
mary: [weeps into gravy bowl]starting the meal. i asked jesus to say grace. he said, "what, i haven't praised you enough already?" aaaand it begins.and now, the delightful story of the second thanksgiving. and now a modern hanukkah song, sing by jon stewart and stephen colbert, with lyrics by @thetweetofgod. sometimes sorry seems to be the hardest word, but usually it's antidisestablishmentarianism."there is no 'i' in '團隊'." - confucius.i created the entire world for you. is constant prayer, self-righteousness and intolerance towards others really too much to ask in return?and now, an exclusive interview with the world's most important, serious musician, sir al yankovic.  meanwhile, in an alternate universe, it's time for "ask the nsa" with your host, ken jeong! and now, a hot dog apologizes for his racist language. a huge thanksgiving storm is coming. millions of you will be unable to travel to be with their families. you're welcome.would you all please stop doing stupid shit? seriously, it's driving me crazy.sometimes i ask myself, "what would oprah do?"if you follow only one one-eyed, vaguely swedish-accented political commentator from another galaxy on twitter, make it @yerdnerp.capitalism is controlled by an "invisible hand" that gives most people the invisible finger.your team's success today depends solely on the intensity with which you pray for their victory.my message for humanity is "kiss my ass!" and sunday is the day when you do.i didn't scream your name when i created the world so don't scream mine when you're fucking.i'm in a good mood tonight. everyone's getting laid!death to the unbelievers. also, death to the believers. 'cause you're all gonna die, folks.every word in the bible is literally true. then they start grouping themselves into sentences and you've got yourself a problem.and now the controversial "stop and frisk" policy, as debated by a bird, a lesbian cheetah, @pftompkins and a weasel. meanwhile, in an alternate universe, america remembers the 50th anniversary of jfk's suicide. and now, a debate on gay marriage between a goat, a vulture, @pftompkins, and a cavewoman. it's good to learn from your mistakes but it's better not to have made them to begin with, loser.meanwhile, in an alternate universe, screaming rhubarb lady is running for president! now on my side project "no you shut up!", @pftompkins sits down with a war correspondent who is also a vulture. even if you don't believe in me anymore, i hope we can still be imaginary friends.i am looking forward to 6pm thanksgiving day when walmart opens its doors for its annual sale of trampled human corpses.ladies and gentlemen, the alternate universe gettysburg address. please share this great speech with your friends. i know it seems like things don't make sense sometimes, but the truth is they don't make sense ever.and now, @pftompkins discusses immigration with an alien. an actual alien. #noyoushutup  i listen to your prayers, but only to correct their grammar.and now, @thetweetofgod + @pftompkins + henson studios = "no, you shut up". puppets debate the issues. it's awesome. when the selling point of your beer is that it's cold, you make bad beer.the eleventh commandment: thou shalt buy my book.

you don't think, therefore i am.if you want to know what an authentic religious and mythological experience feels like, you should be in san francisco today. #batkidi know i kid around a lot, but seriously, you're going to hell.according to a recent study, you suck.meanwhile, in an alternate universe, @fred_willard 
shares his memories of the bay of pigs. imagine walking in on 40 million people masturbating a minute and you'll get a sense of what my job is like.the difference between the catholic church and las vegas is in vegas the architecture is more tasteful and the illegal sex is consensual.in 100 million years when your fossilized bodies are burned as fuel by humanity's successors i'm going to laugh and laugh and laugh.my followers are the best! anyone who doesn't follow me can go to hell. and will.gravity is a real downer.meanwhile, in another universe, kids are lining up for the hot new war! death has a wonderful way of clearing your schedule.you're all too busy waiting for me to destroy you to realize that you're destroying you.in the grand scheme of things your life is of absolutely no consequence. i cannot stress this enough.here's the thing: if i don't exist then it's all your fault.sarah palin... she just... she just... [rolls eyes, sends plague]honestly? i wouldn't believe in me, either.canada, rob ford is why you can't have nice things.next universe i'll do better.some people have personal issues, and some people are personal issues.meanwhile, in another universe, there is widespread nordic outrage of the release of "thor". meanwhile, in an alternate universe, diablo cody is writing the new star wars! retweet this and you'll go to heaven. yes, the standards are now that low.meanwhile, in an alternate universe, chris hardwick talks twitter, ms. pac-man and "hot in cleveland".
there's no use worrying about things you can't control. and the good news is, that's pretty much everything.just got "call of duty: holy ghosts" for jesus. says he'd rather keep playing candy crush and updating his pinterest. total pussy, that kid.always stand up for what you believe in, unless what you believe in is stupid.fear and ignorance would gay-marry each other if they weren't both opposed to it.there comes a time in the life of every great city when its mayor admits smoking crack.there is life in outer space. and it's intelligent. that's why it's staying far away from you.wtf? just in general.best selfie ever. i've said it before and i'll say it again until you truly understand: i made you in my image, and i'm an asshole.i almost never interfere in athletic events, but i had nick foles in my fantasy league and i was sick of losing.most of the people who are sure i exist are themselves proof i don't.meanwhile, in another universe, neil degrasse tyson (@neiltyson) is about to blow your mind. meanwhile, in another universe, the affordable porn act, a/k/a "obamaporn", is floundering. my thoughts and prayers are with everyone who thinks thoughts and prayers make any practical difference.people who spend their lives complaining how other people are doing nothing productive for society are doing nothing productive for society.everything happens for a reason, and the reason is my amusement.halloween is my second-favorite pagan holiday after christmas.the christian right hates halloween. not because it's pagan, but because it involves handing out free food.you're welcome, big papi! just kidding. i don't give a shit about baseball.congratulations to the team that grooms like my son's apostles. #redsoxnationa friend is just a stranger you haven't alienated.judging people is the best.the number one problem facing the world today is people fucking up.the more you know, the more you wish you didn't."miley cyrus: 'society wants to shut me down'". not down, miley. up.great britain, the rains will continue until piers morgan's citizenship is revoked.i've been waiting for my man, and now i have him. #riploureedlife is all about the simple things, like having lots of money.as a rule, if the number of genders allowed to drive in your country is less than two, you live in an awful country.correcting my grammar is the fastest way to hell.warning: the life you are about to lead contains strong language, adult situations and nudity. exister discretion is advised.the only reason i'm not an atheist is i have no choice.the reason i don't follow any of you back is that i couldn't care less about you."the new star wars comes out in two years". (luke 20:15).i know you better than you know yourself, and you're an idiot.everybody makes mistakes. but that last mistake you made, wow. #epicfailwhat happens after you die? not much, to be honest.do unto others what others would do unto you the second you turned your back, the bastards.sometimes kanye asks himself, "what would i do?"real friendship is hard. that's why i recommend imaginary friendship."if there had been an 11th commandment what would it have been?" 
thou shalt not take the first ten seriously."what are the real seven deadly sins?"

bigotry
douchebaggery
hipsterism
humblebragging
cyberbullying
anal bleaching
sloth"what wiped out the dinosaurs?" lack of health care."what does the fox say?" whatever the rupert murdoch tells it to.my son turned water into wine, but coors light turns beer into water.1you people take this life thing waaay too seriously.my new universe premieres one week from tonight! assuming, of course, you have the right cable provider. #gmtdon't take this the wrong way, but you're all horrible sinners and you're going to hell.free will is good, but free pizza is better.getting older is hard, but eventually it stops.the next person i hear misuse the word 'literally' i will literally kill.if you're not 100% satisfied with your life, return it to me for a full refund.homophobia is a lifestyle choice.congrats, america. you are no longer broke, merely broken.the stupider you are, the stupider you don't think you are.i hereby renounce my affiliation with the republican party."oh god, you kill me!" yep. sooner or later i always do.if you believe in something strongly enough, it makes no difference.america was discovered through an ignorance of world geography that its citizens have been happy to perpetuate.i salute you, david ortiz, from one big papi to another.i knew you were trouble when you walked upright.you can't always get what you want. but if you try sometimes, you just might find you can ruin it for everybody else.i am no more a parody of god than the bible is a parody of a valid moral code.just because you're an atheist doesn't mean you're not an asshole.life is meaningless, but you can customize the meaninglessness.biggest regret? probably creation.next time you kill thousands of innocent people in a disaster, tell the judge you "work in mysterious ways" and see how far it gets you.kids aren't fully people yet. that's why they're so awesome.seeing is believing. unless you're religious, in which case the opposite is true.at the end of the day, it's 11:59pm.work like you need the money, love like you're afraid of being hurt, and dance like your parents are watching.when one person has it it's paranoia. when millions of people have it it's an ideology.john lennon isn't turning 73 today because i'm a dick.ironically, the god particle still can't explain why the catholic church has mass.there's no limit to what the human mind can justify.orgasms were the least i could do.there's nothing wrong with earth a good-sized asteroid couldn't fix.you've all lost your minds.peyton manning is a me.i see you naked all the time. #perkretweet this and your team will win.what is it with you and being awful to each other?life is a journey, not a destination. death though, that's a destination. hell, for most of you.if i could do it again, instead of creating the world from nothing i'd use kickstarter.you are all very silly people and i'm not going to god you anymore."my name will live forever!" - anonymous.the trouble with christianity is christians.i work in mysterious ways, but congress doesn't work in pretty obvious ones.jon stewart and stephen colbert are the only things standing between you and insanity.conservatives, if you love me stop dragging my name into politics because i don't want anything to do with that shit.america, i'm sure you'll be happy to know the north korean government is running as smoothly as ever.america is now closed. we apologize for the inconvenience.trivia question: what does gop stand for? 
answer: nothing. the gop stands for absolutely nothing.marijuana is a fun drug to use. i, god, endorse it.just because you're right about something doesn't mean you're not an idiot in general.american government is of the people, by the people and for the people. which begs the question: what is wrong with you people?everything happens for no reason.i hope when i end the world it feels as satisfying as that. #goodbyebreakingbadi hope everyone is happy about my decisions regarding which athletic teams won and lost today.i know foul language is unbecoming of me and i'm sorry i keep resorting to it, it's just that so many of you are so fucking stupid.this is not a parody account. i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, and if you doubt it i will fuck your shit up.i'm god, but i'm also jesus, but he's also my son, so i'm not really, and also the holy ghost is someone too who's me but not. #theologyi know what happens at the end of "breaking bad": you get on with your life.love the sinner, hate the people who go around calling other people sinners.bored. may cause large natural disaster of some kind. if you survive be sure to thank me.the thing to remember about assholes is, they're assholes.don't worry. there's enough special places in hell for everybody.people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw orgies.the best thing about a dell computer is the crunching noise it makes when you smash it into pieces with a baseball bat.it's not that people never learn, it's that they rarely even want to.my e-book is on sale! it's like the e-bible, but less e-sucky!

  
  
retweet this if you hate being told what to do.every dick pic is a cry for help.if i ever won a grammy i would thank kanye.america, you were settled via the extermination of one race and the enslavement of another. but please, lecture us more about freedom."go down, moses." and he did. and that's why the ladies loved him.hot flashes. increased irritability. dryness. congratulations, humanity, you've given the earth menopause.if you follow me on twitter you don't have to go to church or pray or any of that crap. #totallycoveredit's the total lack of self-awareness that separates the professional asshole from the amateur.the last testament for $3.99! buy it and save your soul and/or money!



many animals were harmed in the making of this civilization.if, while arguing, you are able to cite a verse in a chapter of an old book that seems to support your position, then you win.there's nothing more liberating than recognizing your own insignificance.i am sick of this universe. i have decided to create a new one. it will premiere october 28. stay tuned.the eword of god for $3.99! this week only!
kindle: 
nook: 
ibookstore: terrorists really are total fucking assholes.in celebration of my millionth follower, my ebook is on sale this week for only $3.99!!! it's a miracle!

happy first day of fall!

¡ƃuıɹds ɟo ʎɐp ʇsɹıɟ ʎddɐhfor the last time, mankind: i don't need your help killing people.being wrong louder doesn't make you righter.if you get the new iphone 5s before someone else then you are better than that person.i don't obamaknow and i don't obamacare.don't let anyone tell you what you can't accomplish. that's what self-doubt is for.pope francis is either the world's coolest pope or the world's most conservative hippie.when it comes to long-term suffering, cleveland sports fans are right down there with the jews.there seems to be a slight bug in the universe 7 upgrade software. don't worry if it starts raining methane. it will only last a few days.my new operating system launches tomorrow! among the upgrades: gravity is adjustable, there are 20 new planets, and e=mc³. enjoy!the people who spend all their time trying to find me are usually the same people i spend all my time trying to lose.existing is a pretty remarkable achievement.mass shootings are a small price to pay for the freedom to carry out mass shootings.if reality clashes with your belief, then the problem clearly is reality.nice try, video games, but you will never inspire as many killings as me. #undisputedchampionone man's "reacting to a negative event by suggesting practical action to prevent its recurrence" is another man's "politicizing a tragedy".next monday, in honor of my millionth follower, my ebook will sell for $3.99! #shrewdprmove  some people are typos in the book of life.i feel like you might want to ease up on the mass shootings.it's even mondayer than usual.almost nobody gets what they deserve, and almost everybody should be grateful for that.the less you know, the more you think you do.this is why you watch sports: to root for the underdog, then realize he has no chance, and the bad guy wins, and that's how life is.floyd mayweather + justin bieber = fine work by satan.i've got the best fans ever. they'd, like, kill for me.look for me in church tomorrow. i'll be the one you can't see or hear or prove exists.if you think life has a point, you're missing the point.you're stupid in ways you haven't even begun to fail to understand.my motto is, "if it feels good, condemn it."prediction for tonight: floyd mayweather is an asshole.i giveth and i taketh away and it's like, what the fucketh?i'm the solution to all the suffering i cause.well it's friday the 13th, and you know what that means: absolutely nothing.thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wi-fi.when you swim and you feel a big shock from an eel, that's a moray."working in mysterious ways" is functionally indistinguishable from "fucking up".some people don't think, therefore they aren't.i'd probably be a lot less angry if i could just accept the fact that i'm gay."knock knock."
"who's there?"
"9/11."
"9/11 who?"
"and you said you'd never forget."north mexico 2, mexico 0.already got my new iphone 5s. got it from steve jobs himself. #itsgoodtoknowpeoplegiving up chemical weapons? good for you, syria. the first step is admitting you have a problem.you should be nicer to each other probably.your parents' divorce was your fault.just be grateful that once in a while, bad things happen to bad people.today is #nationaltellagirlsheisbeautifulday. presumably it's also #riskbeingchargedwithsexualharassmentatworkday.the mainstream media is exactly what the mainstream public deserves.the entire universe was created for the benefit of those members of one species on one planet who correctly believe in an invisible entity.thank you for your prayer. you should receive a response within 50 billion to 60 billion business days.seize the day. then make it pay for what it did to you.many people suck.america: church begins at 1pm eastern time. on your couch. bring beer.sometimes all you need is $500 million dollars."it was adam and eve, not adam and steve!" whatever. the point is, it was two people with contemporary american names.i conceived life as something to keep people busy while they converted food into shit.i already know what you want. so why do i make you pray? because i want to hear you say it, bitches.australia, this is exactly why i put you where i don't have to look at you.peyton manning is much better at his job than i am at mine.the problem was you were simply not ready for some football.thou shalt be ready for some football.when something bad happens to you, don't ask "why me, lord?", because it makes me look bad in front of the angels.sitting here re-reading the bible. man, i was crazy then.it's never too late to give up."if you created the earth in six days why are some fossils over 500 million years old?" because shut up.i never said i didn't make mistakes. i said they were your fault.hard to believe it was exactly 5,774 years ago today that i created the earth. yep. really hard to believe.if it's any consolation sometimes i pray to myself and i still don't listen.ah, humanity. i give you rainbows, but you prefer fifty shades of grey."'football'? in my country we call it 'soccer'!" yes, and in your country you call a six-piece kfc extra-crispy bucket 'breakfast'.ah, football. the beautiful game. the beautiful, corrupt, racist, anger-fueling, alcoholism-spreading, hooligan-spawning game.quit staring at the world. there's a whole universe in your phone that's just waiting for you to discover.so many jehovah's witnesses and yet still not a shred of jehovah's evidence.people who don't take medicine because they think i'll protect them from disease are over three hundred different kinds of stupid.why don't the people who cite bible verses ever cite genesis 19:30-38, where lot's daughters get him drunk and fuck him? #stillrelevantit's funny how many streets are named for the kind of trees chopped down to pave them.fear not, my beloved tebow. i never close a door without opening an analyst gig on fox sports.rt this or the terrorists win.don't think summer ends this weekend. the truth is that thanks to you, summer won't be ending for a long, long time.increased u.s. involvement in the middle east is always a good idea.though i do not answer your tweets, know that i read them all, and that their kind words make me wish i did not have to eventually kill you.sometimes jesus appears on toast, sometimes pancakes, sometimes waffles. always on breakfast food. why? it's the most important meal.life is funny: one day you're a nobody, the next you still are.when tens of thousands of refugees from your country are fleeing to iraq, your country is in a bad way.martin luther king jr. was jesus's brother from another mother.i hate what you've done with the place.shit's fucked up, is what i'm sayin'.sigh... maybe nietzsche was right.i work in mysterious ways. if at all.never forget that your heavenly father loves you and is watching over you and is extremely disappointed in what you've done with your life.inner peace requires outer up-shutting.i did not create the entire universe in six days for you to go around twerking.most popular music should not be.knock it off, kanye. real gods don't autotune.you'll have much better odds looking for the meaninglessness of life.if i gave you the ability to easily and pleasurably masturbate and simultaneously declared masturbation a sin, i am a cosmic asshole.i expect to hear all of you moaning my name tonight. in groups of two. minimum.in a court of law you're innocent until proven guilty. in reality you're innocent until you commit a crime. note the difference.changing religions is like switching cigarette brands.let he who hath no sin among thee cast the next batman.people who don't get sarcasm are very, very, very, very smart.you know who's very upset about ben affleck being cast as batman? syrian children killed by chemical weapons.
#talkaboutfirstworldproblemsyou atheists bitch and moan that i'm a fictional character, but cast ben affleck as batman and it's "sacrilege!" this and "blasphemy!" that.if i could re-edit the bible i wouldn't delete all the gay orgies."yol∞". - hindu cliché.the problem with a lot of people these days is they're stupid.i won't be satisfied until i have enough followers to form sects that fight about how to interpret my tweets until they kill each other.how do i feel about millions of people killing each other in my name? how do you think i feel? very, very flattered."aren't i allowed to have an opinion?" is what people say when they have a stupid opinion.you're so vain. i bet you think this universe is about you.an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. but a tooth is worth half an eye, so an eye for two teeth also works, if you're out of eyes.there is no area on earth to which i have devoted more time and attention than the middle east and just look at the fucking place.america is the greatest country on earth at thinking it's the greatest country on earth.just updated my facebook status from "single" to "in a trinity". #wayoverduequite a mess you've gotten yourself into down there. good luck with that.my book is awesome.


it's awesome on kindle too.


here's a review.
money can't buy happiness. but love can't buy a ferrari, either.why is everyone i talk to crazy?thank satan it's monday.bless you for sneezing? why don't i just make you pope for burping while i'm at it?the secret to effective prayer is asking for things that would have happened anyway.church is for losers.millions of people simultaneously believe both that barack obama is muslim and that i had a son born of a virgin. humanity, you're the best!never doubt that a small group of thoughtless, confused citizens can mess up the world. indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.if michael jackson knew justin bieber remixed one of his songs he'd be masturbating in his grave.i'm bored. look out.the earthquakes in new zealand will continue until the one ring is forever destroyed.the next generation has been the worst generation in the minds of the present generation for 500 generations.twitter is where spelling grammer and punctuation go 2 dieplanting all those fossils wasn't easy, but it's worth it to see the looks on evolutionists' faces when i tell them they're going to hell.i've put in six honest days' work in my whole career.dear tim,

brady's knee is hurt!
happy birthday, buddy!

love,
uncle godi'm so sick of "damning it" for you people. damn it yourselves, damn it.retweet this and nothing will happen.many people pass their days in a series of near-life experiences.with faith all facts are ignorable.if i didn't mean for you to eat pigs i wouldn't have made them out of pork.muslims have martyrs. christians have saints. atheists have cool dead people.being gay in russia is even worse than being russian in russia.male nipples are just me messing with you.when people say "to be honest...", it means that up to that point they've been lying.attention: will the owners of a blue planet with tectonic plates please tend to your vehicle. it is overheating.it is here! "creation science" has the same intellectual heft as "dragon anatomy".just to answer a few prayers:
no.
no.
maybe.
no.
i'll think about it.
i'll see what i can do.
reply hazy. ask again later.
absolutely not.i'm the world's best-known designer and people still wonder if i'm gay-friendly?next universe i'll do better.my favorite word is "amen" because when i hear it it means you're done asking me for stupid shit.it's not you. it's me. i don't like you.i created the earth for you. i created the rest of the universe because i need my space.take comfort in your cosmic insignificance.instead of trying to please other people, try pissing them off.i need to be constantly told how great i am because i'm very insecure in my omnipotence.most of you are ruining it for a few of you.being an asshole is a lifestyle choice.my show opens in seattle on friday! it's the best rock musical about a reagan cabinet member ever, and i'll be there! if only everyone weren't stupid.a-rod could use some personality-enhancing drugs.if you're not following me on twitter you're going to hell. if you are following me on twitter you're going to hell... first-class!just got candy crush. out of commission til 2019. for service please contact jesus, moses, muhammad or charlton heston.homosexuality is either a genetic mistake i've made over a billion times or a choice i've mistakenly let people make over a billion times.happy birthday to barack obama, who was born 52 years ago today in pyongyang, north korea.church is just awful.don't let anyone convert you into their way of not thinking.home is where the wi-fi is.the same people who decry handouts and social welfare are the ones who can't stop asking me for free stuff.with god all things are possible. bigotry, terrorism and genocide, for example.of the billions of problems in the world the worst ones, by far, are yours."ariel castro: 'god will judge me'." done and done.big news! @thetweetofgod is coming to tv! in his mortal, jufro'd form! skinny jeans are a poor substitute for skinny genes.first i created stupidity. then, to give it some place to go, i created people.it's supposedly "national orgasm day," but good luck trying to keep one going for 24 hours.if i could give one piece of advice to help you avoid the hardships and misery of this world, i wouldn't.the more things change, the more conservatives don't.in one trillion years the universe will be reduced to a state of zero thermodynamic energy without light or heat. nice job, obama.jesus was the original child star who fell in with the wrong crowd and died young.pope francis said, "who am i to judge gay people?" that's a step in the right direction, catholic church! only 5,000 more to go!don't despair. it's always been this bad. you've just gotten better at noticing it.the first rule of parenting is: never negotiate with terrorists.fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, fuck you.agnostics have commitment issues.i want 5,000 retweets by noon tomorrow or your moon gets whacked.if there were ever a religion based on the teachings of jesus it might be pretty good.the present is where the past and the future meet to exchange hostages."shit's about to get real." - my last words before creation."check out this next verse, yo. y'all motherfuckers gonna be quotin' this shit." - john 3:15.1. the truth will set you free.
2. the truth hurts.
3. being set free hurts.it's too bad the meaning of life is 141 characters.age is just a number. a number that indicates your proximity to death.if what people thought of you, what you thought of yourself and who you really are ever met, the three of you wouldn't recognize each other.good things come to those with cash.happy 70th birthday to mick jagger, with scorn from god but sympathy from the devil.social media is a great way to avoid being social or viewing media.thou shalt not retweet this.thou shalt retweet this.attention seattle: @thetweetofgod has written a musical, and it's coming to a theater near you! (i.e., issaquah!) don't waste time worrying about what other people think. because deep down you already know what they think. they think you suck.my philosophy is, always leave 'em wanting more. money, food, time on earth, whatever.the circumstances under which you should send a photo of your penis to other people are as follows: never.the reason i don't respond to your tweets is the same reason i don't respond to your prayers: i infinitely don't care.you can swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, but don't ask me to help. i've got shit to do.the people who think the world will end all at once will be largely responsible for it ending gradually.modern journalism is 90% reporting what people are saying on twitter.does anyone know where i can find a live blog for the imminent birth of one of the 15,000 children born today who will die of starvation?i had a #royalbaby once. much more low-key. no reporters. no hospital. no sex.listening = hearing + giving a crap.you can't believe everything you read. but many people don't even read what they believe.when you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are. you are irrational.once upon a time, god launched a twitter account to promote a book. this is that book.

if you follow me you can skip church. if you retweet this you can stand outside church and taunt.comic-con is the biggest assemblage of celibate, hero-worshipping sci-fi-lovers since the last supper.marijuana should be decriminalized and then recriminalized an hour later because man, would it be funny watching people freak out.life is unfair, but that's a good thing. if it were fair things would go even worse for you.you're all stuck in the same lifeboat in the same ocean and you're all too busy trying to throw each other overboard to fix the leak.#gayisokay
#queerbringscheer 
#homosexualisnotineffectual 
#sodomyishottome
#melikedykeyou will die. we apologize for the inconvenience.if i didn't exist, it would be necessary to invent me just to send the westboro baptist church to hell.if you find yourself in a position where you have to say "i'm not racist", you're probably racist.texas now wants to ban all abortions after six weeks. in its defense, who wouldn't want to die after living six weeks in texas?these days i outsource 95% of your prayers to bangalore.one day your fossilized bones will be burned for fuel and i'll laugh and laugh and laugh.the world is full of too much misunderstanding and not enough not even trying to understand.in my experience the best way to sustain a long-distance relationship is through a total lack of communication.wrong people are just as sure right people are wrong as right people are sure wrong people are wrong. the only difference is they're wrong.don't worry about things you can't control. instead worry about things you wrongly think you can.i don't recall native americans being encouraged to 'stand their ground'."this is a fake account!" no, you're thinking of genesis.if you can dream it, you can do it. now get out there and show up naked and unprepared for your final exam!to believe in the bible it helps not to read it.you do know you're destroying your only home, right? like, not abstractly. for reals.my password for the universe is 1234.actually 666 is only the area code of the beast. his full number is unlisted.due to excess demand i am no longer accepting prayers for world peace, ponies, promotions, sports victories or a night with natalie portman.retweet this to raise awareness of this tweet. #everyrtmakesadifferenceyou can lead a horse to water but you can't make him accept that the water wasn't placed there by an invisible sky-horse.imagine if your boss had a son and as long as you hung out with him you could treat people in the office like shit and never lose your job.for the last time: this is not a parody account. i am god, tweeting as god, using an iphone like god, and speaking just like fucking god.even i think zimmerman was guilty, and i'm an old white guy.i have never been more ashamed of making florida the model for the human penis.injustice is the fabric holding the universe together.give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. but why are you walking around giving men fish? that's weird, dude.the far far right is old and white
deep in the heart of texas.
they flash their badge inside your vaj
deep in the heart of texas.it's always the people who believe in divine judgment who deserve it the most.once in a while people do something so stupid, even my son yells "jesus fucking christ!"no matter what the verdict in the #zimmermantrial, he's already guilty of one thing: murder.it's not that he liked big butts; it's that he could not lie. that's why sir mix-a-lot deserved his knighthood.you are 100% biodegradable. #greensharknado sequels

wolfcano
bearnami
hippoquake
piranhurricane
tarantulavalanche
lizard blizzardsharknados! why didn't i think of that?which came first, the chicken or the egg? neither. the rooster came first.the least developed form of man is homo phobicus.the most "traditional american values" include respecting the land, living in tents, and using every part of the buffalo.i just fucking hate sarah palin.mexico is now the world's fattest populous country. america is #2. canada's not even top ten! dammit, hosers, put extra syrup on that bacon!i can beat up thor any day of the week. including his.life is a journey. death is the destination.i've got the best fans in the whole world because they're the kind of fans willing to kill themselves and each other to prove they are.the bad weather will continue until the climate improves.that awkward moment when you tell eve a tiny man will be living in her uterus for 9 months before emerging watermelon-sized from her vagina."it was god's will" is functionally indistinguishable from "shit happens".it all makes sense if you don't think about it.earth was the first world i created. it has all kinds of problems. #firstworldproblemsi wish twitter would verify me. hell, i wish anybody would verify me.you're welcome, britain.i call your name during sex.egypt is one of those rare countries whose "good old days" were in 2,000 b.c.paranoia can be a rewarding alternative to accepting the fact nobody cares about you.to the many americans waking up this morning with a patriotism hangover: i'm afraid the only cure is invading another country.retweet this if you don't believe in its author.a fireworks show is like a gay missile attack.having a bbq in heaven. i just swiped one of adam's ribs. seems like old times.here's an interview with a guy who claims to work with me but way overstates his involvement. plus he mumbles a lot. the main difference between the gay pride parade and the fourth of july parade is the people in the gay pride parade know they're gay."we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal." - a man who owned other men.i saved the queen!wow, andy murray really looked scottish in those first two sets. but he took that third like a true englishman!to the people asking me to intervene in tahrir: sorry, but acting in the best interest of egyptians has never been my strong suit."hail satan" is trending. good for him! he's a hard-working guy who doesn't get enough credit.you're my world of warcraft.for many people, "live and learn" is one task too many.jews, christians and muslims all worship the same god. i'm like pie: sometimes plain, and sometimes allah mode.how did that one kid in kindergarten who hit people and threw tantrums and made everybody miserable grow up to be half the adult population?the wise man chooses his words carefully, while the fool says stupid shit.happy canada day to the country whose job is to sit on top of america and keep it from exploding.i worked in the cloud before it was cool.sexuality is a choice. mine."god is just dog backwards!" but in german god is gott, which backwards is ttog, which stands for... @thetweetofgod. #game #set #matchyou are the result of both four billion years of evolution and two minutes of drunken rubbing.retweeting this counts as going to church. favoriting this counts as filling the collection plate.if you had more money you'd be happier.dance like nobody's watching. but masturbate like everyone is.sometimes i love you all so much i want to kill you and bring you up here and hug you.there's no such thing as god's law. but there is such a thing as god slaw. i make it with paprika! #qualitysidedishjust because some idiot disagrees with you doesn't make you not an idiot.everyone at the #nbadraft is thanking me. you're welcome, fellas! looking forward to deciding who wins your games!there is no master plan. i can't stress this enough.anyone who thinks human life is sacred to me has never read the bible. that thing makes tarantino look like disney.rick perry reminds me a little bit, or actually quite a lot, of a total asshole.if i meant for every human being i created to be heterosexual, then i am a total incompetent.marriage should be defined as between a man or a woman and a man or a woman.life is a struggle not between good and evil, but between those who see it that way and those who don't.texas desperately needs messing with."gay, straight, bisexual, transgendered; ye are all equally smiteable in my eyes". (againesis 14:24). my holy word: being gay is not a choice, but being a bigot is.well i've lost faith in you, too.most irons aren't made from iron, which ironically is both ironic and unironic.i know it's "ungodly" of me to curse as much as i do, and i want to stop, but it's hard when so many of you are so fucking stupid.you're welcome. now shut the fuck up.you my bitch, nik.sorry, rest of the world, junior and i can't help you now. we're too busy helping some loon cross a canyon on a piece of floss.this guy walking across the grand canyon is really cool. i may need to meet him. like, soon."atheist" is an anagram for "eat shit". advantage, me.retweet this and i will give you one trillion dollars.from now on i'd like to be called p. deity.screw it, i'm staying up late and skipping church.paula deen saying all that matters is "what's in your heart" is cardiologically hilarious.stress does you no good, so let it go. let it go. let it go now. come on. let it go! why can't you let it go? what is wrong with you?!?north west should collaborate with one direction.happy first day of summer!

¡ɹǝʇuıʍ ɟo ʎɐp ʇsɹıɟ ʎddɐhjust because i don't answer your prayers doesn't mean i don't call the angels in to listen and laugh at them.if praying the gay away doesn't work, try fucking the religion away.next time some sucker accuses me of blasphemy,
do me a favor and kick his asphemy.
#hallowedb #madflowtoday's winning prayer comes from julie goor of winnetka, illinois, who prayed, "let seabrook score the game-winner in ot!" congrats, julie!i giveth and i taketh away and it maketh no damn sense.tony soprano was the kind of mob boss i wish i'd been.wow, i really enjoyed deciding who won that game.#spurs fans, #heat fans, make your case to me. hurry up; i'm due in a meth-head's delusion in ten minutes.the thing you are currently stressing over at work is stupid. this is always true, for everyone.just because someone's richer or more famous or talented doesn't mean they're happy. it just means they're happier than you.the big difference between me and kanye is i impregnated a virgin, whereas kanye... well, did not.sometimes jesus asks himself, "what would some self-righteous hypocrite do?"people loooove talking about the weather and haaaate talking about the climate.canada, never elect mayors again.you're welcome, danny green! it was a pleasure for me to personally ensure you played well and your team won tonight! #thatswhatimherefordeciding the outcome of sporting events is the toughest part of my job.you're welcome, phil.never be afraid to fail. what's the point? you're gonna fail anyway, you failure. #truthjesus also made me breakfast in bed. it's wafers and wine. #awkward #nothungryhappy father's day from your heavenly deadbeat dad.retweet this to let your followers know you're available for sex tonight.i could totally beat superman in a fight.today is flag day, america, so be sure to take a moment to thank the chinese for making all your flags.priests should not have to live in a state of forced celibacy, but be free to marry and let celibacy slowly descend upon them the usual way.facts are what beliefs want to be when they grow up.you are free to criticize athletes. they are free to criticize you too of course, but they don't, because your job is dull and no one cares."despicable me 2" was my original title for the new testament.what's it going to take to get you to buy my book 
a rave from the new york times? 
fine:
father's day's coming up. i bet jesus gets me cuff links again. #passiveaggressivewhen bad things happen to you don't take it personally, because i barely know you.i support marijuana. i created it for you. in fact the garden of eden was full of it. that was eve's downfall. she got the munchies.before you judge someone, stop and think about how fun it's going to be.techies: anyone know how to convert an html file to christianity? i tried baptizing the computer but it only made it worse.st. fu is the patron saint of shutting the fuck up.i find the vast majority of you profoundly unpleasant.john 3:16. matthew 3:17. luke 3:18. it was a very close race.isn't it far more comforting to believe shit happens for no reason than that shit happens because i'm an angry son of a bitch?artificial intelligence can never replace natural stupidity.once you go black hole, you never go back. that is literally true.tebow to the patriots?
brady: what'd you do last night?
tebow: study the bible. you?
brady: bang gisele bundchen.
[awkward silence.]i'm bigger than the beatles!people often say things in the heat of anger that in hindsight they regret not accompanying with a punch in the face.even on the first day of creation i remember thinking to myself, "i hate mondays".the nsa knows more about you than i do.time is money. money talks. so time talks. but talk is cheap. so time is cheap. but time is money. so money is cheap. which it's not.lying makes jesus cry. stealing makes jesus cry. jaywalking makes jesus cry. a real pussy, that kid.there is a book with stories about incest, genocide, rape and crucifixion in almost every hotel room in the world.every time you sing "what a friend we have in jesus" i'm reminded how much i disapprove of my son's friends.i need to be told how great i am at least once a week by everybody because while i am perfect i am also very emotionally needy.i watch sporting events and decide their outcome because that is a very important priority for me.you're welcome, chicago.i designed the sun to be 100% solar-powered. #greenthe reason i ask for so much money is i have a child to support.in america it's 'humor'. in england it's 'humour'. in germany it's 'unheard-of'.americans consume 80% of the world's painkillers. amazing, since they suffer only .0008% of the world's pain.nadal and djokovic create more from clay than i did.the hardest part about being perfect is i have no excuse when i screw things up.not feeling too good. may call in nonexistent tomorrow.child molestation! that was what i meant to outlaw in the ten commandments. oh, and rape. #nowirememberthe harder you believe in something, the nothinger of a difference it makes.can oral sex cause throat cancer? possibly. can the lack of oral sex cause marriage cancer? definitely.in a dictatorship, one man fucks up the country. in a democracy, everyone does it together. #occupygezii support the separation of church and reality.turkey's islamist president says "whoever drinks alcohol is alcoholic." by that logic whoever holds power is autocratic. #occupygezipeople who believe in "traditional marriage" are nostalgic for the days of dowries, aristocratic inbreeding, and war rape.my love for you is unconditional, provided you do and think exactly as i say.everything happens for a reason, and the reason is i don't know what i'm doing.one thing makes christianity superior to judaism and islam: grilled cheese with bacon.if you think about it, the fact that people swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth on the bible is pretty funny.please stay safe, oklahoma, because evidently i'm angry at you again for absolutely no reason.it's not that 10% of you came out wrong, it's that i'm 10% gay.

retweet this and win eternal life and/or $2 off your next burrito at chipotle!the twist ending to m. night shyamalan's career is that it turns out it was dead the whole time.my social media consultant says i need to do a better job using hashtags. #fuckthatguyas of today i'm officially off sneeze duty. you want your mucus blessed, bring it to a priest.if you're a straight married person who thinks same-sex marriage brings shame on you shame on you.ancient cryptic thrice-translated self-contradictory texts are the best way to convey moral precepts.hey, you've reached god. i'm not here now, but if you leave your name, number and a brief message, i will never ever ever return your call.i really appreciate all the hate you spread and killing you do in my name. it's exactly what i want and the best use of your time on earth.you keep praying to me, and i keep not answering! it's hilarious, really.when i work in mysterious ways it's called grace. when you work in mysterious ways it's called grounds for termination.your right to be stupid does not change the fact that you're stupid.i don't wake up thinking "i need to kill 155,000 people today." but then this happens, that happens, yada yada yada, and 155,000 people die.if ignorance is bliss, why is the world so unhappy?the question is no longer "what kind of world are you leaving for your children?" but "why even bother having children?"good things come to those who pay for them."rip lady gaga" is trending? please! lady gaga's not going to die. at least not until madonna does it first.i've made a huge mistake.yes!!!

@thetweetofgod 723.9k followers
@richarddawkins 723.6k followers

believe in that, dick! 
it's no "delusion"!
i win i win i win!!!am i pro-life? yes, but if you're familiar with my work you know i'm not exactly anti-death, either.it's not that i don't exist. it's that i don't give a crap.man shall not live on bread alone. yet it is easy to forget this at restaurants and end up full before the appetizer.the first person to call you a jerk is probably just jealous, but the hundredth may be on to something.my brain says robot apocalypse, but my heart says zombie apocalypse. #tornheaven is like arriving at disneyland. hell is like still being at disneyland three weeks later."why did you create mosquitoes?" a better question is "why did you create people?" answer: to feed the mosquitoes.orgasms are my way of apologizing for everything other than orgasms.#ff me or i'll fucking kill you.pope francis says atheists can go to heaven? great. there goes the neighborhood.this memorial day weekend, please remember those who died defending america as you pass out in a pool of vomit at your neighbor's barbecue.reason is a machete in a bullshit forest.i am watching you read this. and i know your inmost thoughts about it. and i control your life. and i love you. #notcreepythoughwhen people say bad things about me it's hurtful because, though perfect, omnipotent and incomprehensibly transcendent, i'm very sensitive.cnn just wondered if i'm sending disasters to punish you for your sins. no, i'm sending them to punish you for cnn.telling people to kill in my name was probably the worst pr advice i ever received.if you don't think you can go gay to heaven, go straight to hell.@thetweetofgod    698.4k followers
@richarddawkins     714.8k followers

help me, tweeps. spread my word so i can catch this bastard.paris hilton's upcoming album is not a sign of the apocalypse. it is the apocalypse.reading is fundamental but misreading is fundamentalism.two's company. three's a crowd. seven billion's a clusterfuck.power tends to corrupt. absolute power corrupts absolutely. i'm omnipotent. do the math."god is good?" only in the same way that bob is boob.in honor of national vegetarian week, i hereby declare cows plants.want to help? donate. #payforoklahomasometimes things have to get worse before they can get even worse.for the record, pat robertson, oklahoma has done absolutely nothing to deserve this.taylor swift is artist of the year? humanity, we are never ever getting back together.music stars always thank me for their god-given talent when they should be thanking me for the public's god-forsaken taste.why are all the good ones either married, gay, or turned off by your numerous physical and emotional flaws?your life flashes before your eyes right before you die. it takes an average of 70-80 years.go to a large building with uncomfortable seating and praise me in the presence of others for at least an hour or you'll go to hell.curiosity either killed or did not kill schrödinger's cat.there is no past. there is no future. there is only this moment. and you're using it to read this?!?any atheist who retweets this is going to hell for eternity.the problem with government of the people, by the people and for the people is the people.feel that rumble, ontario? that's me laughing at rob ford.retweet this if the mayor of your country's largest city smokes crack.someone just asked me, "can i have a ferrari and a huge cock?" no one's got both, my friend.why is it that when someone says a very nice thing no one ever responds, "go to heaven!"the housetop. the housetop. the housetop combusteth. fetch thee not the water; let the motherfornicator burn. burn, motherfornicator. burn.to err is human, to refuse to acknowledge it even more so.instead of looking for things that divide you look for things that bring you together, like the way you all look for things that divide you.what doesn't kill you can still really, really hurt.if you pray long enough and hard enough, i'll get tired of laughing.once you realize nothing makes any sense, everything makes perfect sense.i bless america. there. i said it. now stop fucking asking.sorry, toronto. your mayor's just too unforgivable.congratulations, michele bachmann! now that minnesota has approved gay  marriage, you're finally free to marry your gay husband!minnesota just approved gay marriage. that's st. paul 1, st. paul 0.sex is a unique and sacred act that should only be used for procreation or when you're horny.what would jesus do? today, take mary out to olive garden.i could kill you all myself, but it's more
fun watching you do it.if you believe in astrology, your charts indicate you were born yesterday.i am perfect, omnipotent and all-knowing. nevertheless, this world was the best i could do.good people die and go to heaven and bad people die and go to hell, because the moral impact of a human life is that easy to calculate.i believe meat is murder. and that vegetables are burglary, bread is mail fraud and dairy is impersonating a police officer.atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide now exceed 400 parts per million for the first time in human history. #stopgaymarriageshit's all fucked up.for mother's day, jesus said he wants to get mary something she's never gotten before. i said, "how about laid?""in the beginning" is a mistranslation of "once upon a time".if you don't stop fighting down there i'm turning this planet around.worst. universe. ever."your" = belonging to you.
"you're" = you are.
example:
"your inability to distinguish between these words means you're coming off stupid."you've got to kiss a lot of frogs before you find one you want to fuck.practice what you preach. better yet, don't preach.oh nancy grace,
how shrill the sound
that made a wretch like you.
your lack of shame
is world-renowned,
you awful, toxic shrew.it's just as important to stand up for what you don't believe in.one day you'll hear people say about me, "he was quiet, kept to himself, never talked to us...i'm not surprised he did something like this."next time you're not feeling sorry for yourself, remember: a lot of people have things much better than you.life would make a lot more sense if you could hear the laugh track.siri doesn't threaten me. she may know everything i do but she makes the classic rookie god/goddess mistake: she answers you.your life isn't really complete until you die.in honor of national masturbation month, rt this for one (1) complementary sin-free masturbation session courtesy of the lord and kleenex®!the biggest difference between a gay marriage and a straight one is the pronouns.of course star wars day falls in national masturbation month.free will? be thankful you sometimes get free wi-fi.it's too bad parallel lines never meet because they have so much in common.ever since jesus said anybody who believes in him gets to go to heaven this place has been overrun by douchebags.when the devil buys your soul he makes you sign a contract because even though he is pure evil he has an unshakable respect for tort law.since yesterday was the national day of prayer, today must be the national day of disappointment.there are many people who need to improve their shutting-up skills.looking back, i guess making those other 700,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 stars was a bit unnecessary."beatles or stones?" for listening, beatles. for killing heretics, stones.the definitive answer to the question "could you create a rock so big even you couldn't lift it?" is: put the bong down and get a job.life is like a box of chocolates. it's really bad for you.when adam and eve ate the apple i remember thinking, "well, that's a sin, but at least it's original."my son died for your sins, and i'll never forgive you for that.you are guaranteed a place in heaven if you a) live a life of total humility free of sin and earthly corruption, or b) follow me on twitter.people, it's time we had a talk about the birds and the bees. see, you're killing the birds and the bees.people like to imagine me coming down to end civilization because it's less scary than imagining being left alone and doing it yourselves.the best way to not lose hope is never to have it.i am the light and the way and the truth and just the shit in general.with god all things are possible; but with money all things are probable. and with a good accountant, they're all deductible.i apologize to 20% of you for the other 80%.people who say "god is love" are unfamiliar with my work."i'll pray for you" is christian-speak for "i hate you".hell is reserved for people who believe others are going there.people who criticize the bible should keep in mind it was my first novel.i don't have a problem with homophobes so long as they stay in the closet about it.things are never as bad as they seem. people, though, are usually worse.next milestone for the nba: the first openly good player on the charlotte bobcats.at the darkest, saddest moments of your life, i was beside you, watching. you were pretty funny.look for me in church today. i won't be there, but look anyway!retweet this or i will have cnn publicly link you to a terrorist attack.with great power comes total lack of responsibility.i have a plan for each and every one of you. now, where did i put it?if you're happy and you know it, don't read the newspaper.the vatican is what happens when hoarding goes untreated for 2,000 years.atheists, you are not allowed to call my name when you orgasm. unless, of course, you're faking it.it's the first-ever pregnancy guide written for fetuses!

check out the informative sample. in theory i'm everywhere at the same time. in practice i'm nowhere ever."the george w. bush library" has the same awkward ring to it as "the william howard taft gym".there are 21 other letters of the alphabet that are also not in 'team'.the first 500 people to rt this win eternal life. the next 500 win long life. everyone after that gets average-length life plus two minutes.sexist? hardly! why, in exodus 21 i expressly forbid a man from selling his daughter into slavery to anyone but a local. #progressivert @tweetofmrsgod: @thetweetofgod why won't you follow me? it's embarrassing. is it a macho thing? like you won't follow a woman, even your…fornicate this excrement, am i right?every artist has that one creation they didn't think much of at the time but ends up being a huge hit with the public. for me, it's boobs.people who say other people are going to hell can go to hell.alanis morissette played me in "dogma". for that, she's going to hell. isn't it ironic, don't you think?i'm extremely disappointed in all of you.kill three people with a wmd and you get a capital murder charge. kill 300,000 people without any wmd and you get a presidential library.as usual, the earth didn't get the gift it really wanted on earth day: the instantaneous disappearance of 90% of humanity.retweeting this provides the retweeter with one (1) free credit for going to church today.by the law of equivalence 4/20 can and should also be celebrated on 1/5, 2/10, 3/15, 5/25 and 6/30.what a tense, tense day 4/19 was. maybe tomorrow, somehow, will be a little mellower.for sale: one boat. bullet-riddled. $20 or best offer.this situation is going to end up making dzhokhar a relatively unpopular name.it's 4/20 eve! be sure to leave a joint and munchies out for rasta claus!rt @playboy: in light of the events in boston, #friskyfriday is cancelled today. stay strong, boston.when cnn says they're "breaking news" they are, in a sense, right.if you're one of the two bombing "suspects" caught on the video just shown by the fbi, this would probably be a good time to kill yourself.black sabbath has a new song called "god is dead?" a better, more shocking title would be "ozzy is alive?"rt @tweetofmrsgod: @thetweetofgod are you mad at me? if so please let's talk about it instead of you taking it out on people. (is it cuz ...the phrase "thoughts and prayers" is oxymoronic.my heart goes out to all those who need to let others know that that their heart goes out to other people.in the beginning, shit happened. and it hasn't stopped since.what fox is to diehard conservatism, and ms-nbc is to unabashed liberalism, cnn is to horrible journalism.america needs to be pried loose from the nra's cold, dead hands.the best thing about atheists is they never blame me.mean people suck.#prayforboston is the top trend. 24 hours ago #prayforkobe was the top trend. see, this is why it's hard to take you people seriously.man, i'm a dick.i'm stalking you.you think you're "god's gift to women"? do you vibrate? then no. no you're not.rt @tweetofmrsgod: “@thetweetofgod: supernova tonight. i never know what to wear to one of these.” i left your tux on the bed. remember: ...my favorite word is "amen" because when i hear it it means you're done asking me for things.every time i hear you say "things can't get any worse" i take it as a challenge.the trouble with people who are "politically incorrect" is that they are usually also many other kinds of incorrect.follow your dreams. then, when they let down their guard, kill them.the "h" in jesus h. christ stood for "henry". #nowyouknow"lord, give me strength!" no. go work out, lazy ass.the old testament is not my story.
the new testament is not my story.
the quran is not my story. 
this is my story:
just because someone looks different than you doesn't mean he's not an asshole.i wish twitter would verify me, but that would involve proving i exist, and that's never been my strong suit.they say patience is a virtue. they also say he who hesitates is lost. that's because they don't know what the hell they're saying.some people are their own worst enemies and others are their own best friends, but most people are their own total strangers.for the last time, this is not a parody account. i really am god, these really are my tweets, and each word is carefully fucking chosen.i killed over 2 million people in the old testament, back when my job used to be fun.the united states: 
"god bless america".

great britain: 
"god save the queen".

canada:
"god you must be busy, eh?"hey u.s.: if every now and then i heard a "god please bless america", maybe you'd have better luck.  #mannersi cannot confirm that margaret thatcher is in hell; only that, as in life, all those standing within earshot of her are.i give up.it seems to me if you're trying to violate the bible by having premarital sex i'm the last name you want to be shouting during it.to clarify jesus's position when it comes to gay sex: bottom.it's very easy to blame other people for your mistakes, so do that.the bible belongs in every hotel room the same way a mini-bar belongs in every church.'tis better to have loved and lost than be eaten alive by bears.thou shalt not. just in general.be careful what you wish for because it'll suck when you don't get it.has it ever occurred to you that maybe once in a while i'd like you to give me a pony?why don't i just destroy satan? because then i'd be stuck with no one to blame.my favorite part of the story of genesis is the way they regrouped after peter gabriel left.happy birthday to justin bieber's mother, whom i impregnated.retweet this and you'll never be sad again.if mankind has learned one thing from human history, i'd be stunned.april fool's! i don't even have a son!the lesson of easter is it's good to have a dad who can pull some strings.the easter bunny is a silly, illogical and stupid way to celebrate the resurrection of god's son.i am so grateful to @rickygervais for all he's done to spread my word that i'm going to send him cookies every week in hell.happy easter, from my family to yours.it never ceases to amaze me how many of you are crazy.jesus died for your sins, but he didn't really die, so it doesn't really count. #seeyouinhellsuckerswhen people scream and fight and kill in my name i can't help but feel very flattered.turn to me in times of trouble caused by me.for i so loved the world, that i gave my only begotten son, whom you proceeded to crucify, at which point i said "fuck 'em." (john 3:16).it's good friday, friday, gotta die on good friday. gettin' ready for the crucifixion. gotta make my mind up: which cross should i take?listen, i don't normally do this but today is the anniversary of a tough day in my family, so if you could #ff me i'd really appreciate it.jesus died for your sins, so make 'em fun.can we please get this to trend?: #atacertainpointhashtagsbecometoolongtofunctionasanythingbutanironiccriticismonthelimitsofmetacommentaryif you asked jesus on the cross what he wanted the holiday marking his death to be called, "good friday" would not have leaped to his mind.i am the lord thy god, king of the universe; and i see london; and i see france; and lo, i see everybody's underpants.i never send you anything i can't enjoy watching you try to handle.i'm not revealing the meaning of life until you agree on its definition.marriage is a sacred union between a top and a bottom.america leads the world in putting cheese on things.do not squander your short time on earth acquiring worldly possessions. instead, try to get laid a lot.marriage is a sacred contract, not between a man and a woman, but between any two human beings and a lifetime's worth of buried grievances.under no circumstances should "if i die before i wake i pray thee lord my soul to take" be the last thing a child says before going to bed.rt @tweetofmrsgod: wow. @pink is retweeting you now. sorry my abs aren't as "fierce" as hers. all i'm good for is keeping your home next ...the new 10 plagues

1. homophobia
2. bad wi-fi
3. kardashians
4. meth
5. uggs
6. hipsterism
7. co2
8. facebook
9. indifference 
10. beyoncéthe reason i didn't mention dinosaurs in the bible is shut up.rt @rickygervais: .@thetweetofgod 
love your work. can you send me a sign? (it's not for ebay i promise)
rg

ps will you ever do another ...worry less about the world ending and more about making it worth saving.on palm sunday jesus rode into jerusalem on a donkey to show he came in peace. and there's been nothing but peace in jerusalem ever since.with some of you it's like i don't even exist.the most miraculous thing about jesus was that he was the only white guy within 20 miles."god is a dj"? maybe. but i sure as hell don't take requests.with all due respect, north dakota, you're the last state that should be defining what constitutes "life".a dog running a hundred miles to retrieve a stick? that's pretty far-fetched.if you love someone, keep them close. why would you set them free? that's just dumb.atoms are made of protons, neutrons, electrons and (for flavor) croutons.rt @stevestockmantx: the best thing about the earth is if you poke holes in it oil and gas come out.derrick rose is greatly overestimating the degree to which i give a crap about his knee.how come your lover keeps shouting my name?i just really enjoy judging people.when i find myself in times of trouble mother mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom: "you quasi-raped me."rt @tweetofmrsgod: it's been two weeks, honey. i need some tonight. and don't give me that whole "omnimpotence" spiel cuz i ain't buying it.if you went to the doctor and the doctor said "no more monkeys jumping on the bed!", you have a crazy doctor.faith is proof for dummies.the universe is at 2% and i can't find my charger.i'm just not that into thee.you all try to be "closer to god" but why do you assume i want to be closer to you? there's a reason i live in a gated community.i made you in my image and i'm a crazy asshole.it is pointless to worry about the past. the future though, holy shit.live each day like it's your last, i.e. unconscious and tied to a respirator.it all makes perfect sense when you don't think about it....and long story short, here you are.america's money trusts me a lot more than i trust it.dance like no one's watching. it's much funnier for me that way.thank people it's monday.rt @bmbranam: i got retweeted by god human beings can go from 0 to 60 in six decades.rt @bmbranam: "@thetweetofgod: the walking dead is jesus's favorite show." that was literally the least funny thing i've ever readthe walking dead is jesus's favorite show.if the day being 23.9344699 hours long isn't proof of intelligent design i don't know what is.my final four prediction: war, famine, conquest and death.the only cure for a hangover is time. that's why i created it.just want to say i love you guys so much and maybe it's the beer talking but you look really worshipful right nowst. patrick is already totally shit-faced.ignorance is bliss, but for the people who deal with the ignorant it's hell.'twas the night before st. patrick's and all through the house, everything was being vomit-proofed.karma is a boomerang, but dogma is a grenade."pope says church must help
poor". great. then start selling your stuff.the only obstacle between you and self-esteem is the fact that you're such a loser.there are no "special places in hell". the whole place is pretty special.jesus was right. you people really are assholes.very few things happen for a reason.7 billion people on earth, 200 billion stars in the galaxy and 200 billion galaxies in the universe, and you're nagging me for a pony?!?that's it. i'm making all conservative politicians' kids gay. it is a choice, after all... mine.never let fear of failure keep you from failing.retweet this if you're in anonymous.me:  knock knock.
you: who's there?
me:  god.
you: god who?
me:  and that's why you're going to hell.st. patrick's day may just be an excuse to drink, but then again so is ireland.rt @mrt: congratulations pope francis! i pray with you and i pray for you. may god bless youit's sad to think how different human history would be if all penises were the same size.hashtags are coming to facebook. twitter wins.give me back my particle!!!today, in honor of pi day, i will be limitless, transcendental and irrational. as usual.rt @mbayer1248: @thetweetofgod rt this: catholic church has messed up in the past and messes up now. but still does whole lotta good. ht ...you know who should totally be the final arbiter of sexual morality? a 76-year-old man who's never had an orgasm.the future of the catholic church is the past of the rest of the world.i was hoping for either the first black pope or the 87th gay one."god's plan"? dude, i've been winging it since "let there be light.""new pope called gay marriage 'destructive attack on god's plan.'" meet the new boss. same as the old boss.just had my first convo with francis. turns out he's a huge fan! #goodstarti guess it's cool that the new pontiff is latin-american but i was hoping for the african. i really wanted a blope.don't cry for me.i know something you don't know.if i don't get a pope soon i'll have to start developing personal spiritual relationships with catholics, which is the last thing they want.no, you know what, why don't you damn it this time.everybody popes.up is my favorite direction for people to shut the fuck.no, the vatican's smoke is not coming from burning gay pornography, @rickygervais. in fact their gay porn-burning furnace is zero-emission.rt @rickygervais: dear @thetweetofgod,
quick question: does burning piles of illegal pornography create white or black smoke? 
just so w ...this would be the worst possible time for a fire to break out in the sistine chapel.remember: white smoke = pope. black smoke = no pope. sweet smoke = bbq break.being sure you're right is almost always more important than actually being right.oprah for pope! #poprahthere is nothing but this moment. go out there and live it. wait, first finish this tweet. keep reading. keep reading. keep reading. ok, go.i delete tweets the same way i delete people: ruthlessly, randomly and prematurely.religion: the crying baby on the plane of life.the new pope may be black or white, but his worldview is sure to be both.the true measure of a man is not how many times he falls down, but how tall he is.people always say they love me and i'm like dude, you don't even know me.things will never get better until you make the conscious decision to lower your standards.if biblical nonsense be something you wish,
spongegod prayerchants!
then stop by a church and put coins in my dish!
spongegod prayerchants!who lives in a paradise up in the sky
spongegod prayerchants! 
almighty, omniscient and perfect am i!
spongegod prayerchants!i take all your unanswered prayers and recycle them as your unfulfilled aspirations. #greeneverybody in the whole world is always wrong except you.thanks for following me, atheists. i am forever in your doubt.retweet this tonight and you're soooo getting laid.tonight's change to daylight savings time will bring the vatican to within 499 years, 364 days and 23 hours of the present.rt @sutherntnbelle: @thetweetofgod talk about blasphemygay marriage is equal to straight marriage. gay weddings, though, are far superior.and on the seventh day i rested. also days eight through 47,000,000,000.as i've said before, the reason i giveth and then taketh away is that i recycleth.the platypus is what happens when you take a perfectly good concept and send it to network executives for notes.man, woman, gay, straight, black, white: you're all equally smiteable in my eyes.next time you're tempted to masturbate, remember that i'm watching you, and also masturbating."no comment." - me, after every single prayer ever."i'll pray for you" is christian-speak for "fuck off."happy international women's day! gee, it's great that 52% of the world gets an entire .27% of the calendar dedicated to it. #progress#ignorance is trending. not on twitter, just in general.sometimes i love you so much i just want to kill you all.instead of trying to be someone you're not, be someone that someone else is not.north korea shows that you don't need religion to be crazy."i don't like when you get political." i agree. the day i'm left out of politics will be the happiest day in my life.ayn rand is a philosopher in the same way larry the cable guy is a television repairman.ayn rand should have used her boundless individual creative initiative to go fuck herself.seeing is believing, unless you believe in me.my rap names
snoop goddy godd
notorious g.o.d.
ghostfaith killah
eminent
50 cubit

jesus's rap names
young jeezy
jay-c
kross-one
savior savmo' money, mo' problems. no money, much bigger problems.the last people legitimately on a mission from me were named jake and elwood.i call it wrath management. you call it weather.i've got 92 naturally-occurring elements and bitchium ain't one.remember, if your team loses it's because you failed to root for them properly."man united vs. real" is also the story of human history.if you retweet this you're going to hell.i never close a door without opening a window and then re-closing and re-opening them exactly five times. my ocd is reeeeally bad.many religions worship me but only one does so correctly. the others are in procedural error, and thus all of their members will go to hell.everybody quit fucking with my shit.if @rickygervais did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.the baby that was cured of aids was cured only because it was the first infected baby that expressed sincere remorse for what it had done.rt @rickygervais: thank you @thetweetofgod 
for curing that baby of the aids you gave him :)there will be peace in the holy land the instant it's no longer thought of as the holy land."the bible" running on the history channel is like "dragons" running on animal planet.jesus died for your sins, but vegas lives for them.even if everything happened for a reason there would be no reason for that.bad breath is better than none.on one hand, eating meat is bad for your body, bad for animals and bad for the earth. on the other hand, bacon.fundamentalists, quit sitting around waiting for the end of the world. get out there and make it happen!you don't have to be crazy to believe in me... but it helps!please retweet this to raise awareness for this tweet. #makeadifferenceit's weird for me not having a pope. i feel like burns without smithers.how would you like your apocalypse, regular or zombie?dear justin,

happy birthday!

love,
dadthe vatican just deleted all the pope's tweets. because no one denies reality like the catholic church.not cool. rt "@pontifex so long suckers!"catholics: there's no pope! quick, start sinning before it starts counting again!on a scale of 1 to 10, scientology is awful.when you type "omg" you simultaneously blaspheme, abbreviate and lower-case my name. but hey, no worries."it's gettin' hot in here, so take off all your clothes!" - all humanity, by 2040.janis joplin now spends all day driving through heaven in a mercedes-benz.don't judge a man until you've walked a  mile in his moccasins. wait, the guy wears moccasins? what a dumbass.rt @christianpost: justin bieber's a 'spectacular young man,' says pastor judah smith. "titanic ii: still sinkable!"i'm telling you right now if you don't start behaving down there i will turn this planet around.i'm tired of twitter telling me "who i'm similar to". the only person i'm similar to is oprah, only sometimes she actually answers prayers.i can't begin to tell you how little any of it matters.based on how often i'm asked to "save the queen", she must be the clumsiest oaf in the world.diamonds are a girl's best friend and an impoverished sierra leonean child laborer's worst nightmare.the path to enlightenment often leads through the valley of absolute fucking morons.it's not how many times you get knocked down, although the fewer the better obviously.the sad thing is, many of the people in the 'in memoriam' section were alive when the show began.anne hathaway of annoying me.any requests for winners?rt @tweetofmrsgod: @thetweetofgod no, you will not be live-tweeting the oscars. we're watching at st. peter's house and you will be in t ...if you retweet this you can skip church. if you planned to anyway you can masturbate. if you planned to anyway you can masturbate in church."does it really make you angry when we masturbate?" yes, because it brings back bad memories of how i really created the universe.of course the vatican has a gay lobby. it's also called the rear entrance.i'm not sure i believe in myself anymore either.i am a mystery covered in an enigma shrouded by people hating and killing each other.retweet this or face my wrath! at some point!! probably!!!people love talking about the weather but hate talking about the climate.i don't call your name when i make fire burst forth from the mighty volcano, so please don't call mine when you come.i'm getting too old for this shit."dammit, i'm more than 15 minutes late for my three o'clock." john 3:16.i created the entire universe in six days because i have infinite power. then i rested on the seventh day because i was tired.it's too bad most of the people who are into me are the religious types.although i created the universe and have unlimited power over all things, it is very important to my self-esteem to be praised frequently.give up, itsy-bitsy spider. it wasn't meant to be.oscar prediction: oscar pistorius will be found guilty.desperate times call for desperate excuses.rt @tweetofmrsgod: please stop tweeting and come to bed - new blanket waiting for you - extra fluffy!the only part of the universe i care about is earth. the other 100 billion billion billion stars i made just for shits and giggles.what progress it would be if the next pope were not another old white homophobic bigot, but an old black or hispanic homophobic bigot.listen, i never said i was perfect. i only said my mistakes were your fault.no one cares about your blog.i will always be there for you when you need me due to something horrible i've done to you.rt @tweetofmrsgod: just saw your last tweet - please don't eat another quart of ice cream - there's a salad in the fridge - home soon - xoxothe universe is by far my favorite app.of course there are alternate universes. there are over seven billion of them walking around right now.i made you in my image. that's why men have nipples. now, why do i have nipples? no frigging idea.my porn name is almighty rod.you can't believe something into truth.be yourself. that should keep you busy.sometimes the hardest word to say is "sorry". but most of the time it's "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis".in heaven we make the best bloody marys. the secret? real mary.once upon a time there were 3 faiths: the jewish faith, the christian faith and the muslim faith. and they all lived hatefully ever after.the trick to successful prayer is to ask for something that was going to happen anyway.yes, there is a warrant out for the pope's arrest. but it was issued by the fashion police for dressing "like elton john's gayer uncle".rt @hannahlgillies: @darthbeige @thetweetofgod yeah it is, theres people living in slums with more joy than anything thats expressed on  ...rt @hannahlgillies: well, @thetweetofgod is possibly the saddest thing i've seen on twitter.squander not thy short time on earth acquiring worldly possessions. rather, try to get laid a lot.it's presidents' day eve! don't forget to leave milk and cookies by the fireplace for millard fillmore!an "uphill struggle" is bad. but "going downhill" is also bad. you can't win with hills.if hell existed it would be filled mainly with people who spent their lives telling others they were going there.today is the new yesterday.unlimited data is wasted on limited minds.my problem is i'm too nice.every time beyoncé talks about me, she's really talking about beyoncé.sometimes in life, all you really need is a lot of money.i've reached a point in my career where i have nothing left to prove. including my existence.why does the universe keep expanding? because i run a successful operation.oh, quit bitching.praying is the definition of the least you can do.every single word in the bible is true. it's only when you group them together as sentences that they start getting iffy.i just sent another meteor to san francisco. that's not a punishment. that's a disco ball.all men are cremated equal.i used to think i didn't have a "hobby", but come to think of it i guess fucking your shit up counts.i'm sending meteors to you because you're literally in my space.real nice planet you got there, humanity. sure would be a shame if something were to happen to it. [pause.] so, see you in church sunday?of course it landed in a conservative part of russia. it's yet another example of the liberal meteor.everybody #ff me today or the entire asteroid belt is dropping by for a visit.i sneezed. sorry, russia.the real reason david beat goliath is that when david threw a rock, goliath threw scissors."is this a fake account?" no, you're thinking of the bible.illinois has approved gay marriage. it's a great day for the chicago bears!optimists see the glass as half-full, but optometrists make that possible.the last cruise ship that was worth going on had two of every animal on it.praying the gay away doesn't work, but fucking the religion away has been known to be effective.i think, therefore i am annoyed.candy hearts are yummy but they taste nothing like the real thing.today, be sure to tell your old testament wife she was worth tending her father's flocks for seven years to buy ownership rights to.the hardest part of love is letting go. the second hardest part is gonorrhea.the lesson of lance armstrong and oscar pistorius: never trust a heroic athlete missing parts below the waist.there are many people who, when left alone with their thoughts, are left pretty much alone.because i said so.'twas the night before valentine's and all through the house not a creature was stirring, including a spouse. 'cause you have none. #alonegive up christianity for lent.if anyone asks, i didn't create you, ok? tell 'em, i don't know, quetzalcoatl did it.human beings can deny anything they set their minds against.i was trying to come up with a neat way of saying paul ryan looks like a contemptible soulless shitbag but i couldn't.i was trying to come up with a neat way of saying john boehner looks like a constipated apricot but i couldn't.trivia: what does "gop" stand for?

answer: nothing. the gop stands for absolutely nothing.today's fat tuesday will be followed in america by fat wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday and monday.yes some people are terrible racists, but there are many others who are very good at it.rt @rickygervais: .@thetweetofgod you know when you made eve out of one of adams ribs? is there a trick to that? or was it real magic? i ...seize the day. then make it pay for what it did to you.happy birthday to charles darwin, whose ancestors i created from a lump of clay 6,000 years ago.the olympics are dropping wrestling? a sport in the original ancient greek olympics? why not just drop marathon, javelin and sodomy?your overexposure to korean pop music last year will be nothing compared to your overexposure to korean nuclear radiation this year.the lesson of "green eggs and ham" is that your life will improve once you accept strange food from a stalker.fuck it, i'm resigning too.the innocent explanation may be that the pope just wants to spend more time with other people's grandchildren.popin' ain't easy.his holiness pope benedict xvi, you are a pussy.taylor swift and likability are never ever getting back together.to me the best country solo performance of all time was the united states for "iraq invasion" back in 2003.taylor swift appears to be having a painful breakup with reality.the grammys are on soon. remember, winners: each time you thank me you're entitled to one (1) sin-free coke binge!horsemeat was discovered in frozen lasagna in the uk? how dare someone improve british food without the people's consent!i just genuinely dislike most of you.nice guys finish nice. mean guys finish mean. and everyone finishes dead.listen, i've been giving it a lot of thought, and you're doomed.well, the weather outside is frightful,
because mother nature's spiteful.
the entire northeast's been hit.
holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.rt @rickygervais: #ff @thetweetofgod: the funniest deity in the history of man.jesus is the ultimate comeback story.retweet this you bastards.does anyone know the intricacies of libel law as they pertain to twitter? the reason i ask is rush limbaugh rapes puppies.if you're gonna kiss ass, use tongue.does this universe make me look fat?if i could create the universe again i'd start by hiring that movie voice-over guy to say, "in a world..."there is no combination of words in the english language that can successfully finish the phrase "i'm not racist, but..."a memorable hashtag can turn even the most humdrum tweet into a must-rt. #titsthe boy scouts postponed their decision on admitting gays? what, were they not prepared?if bob marley were alive today, he'd be high.true story: jesus had a beard. 

her name was mary magdalene.if you're going to throw someone under the bus, make sure it's moving.in arkansas it is now legal to carry a concealed weapon in church. it is also legal to move the hell out of arkansas.nine times out of ten, shut up. is the perfect place to meet the person you want to spend the rest of your life avoiding sex with.every time i see one of you kneel to pray i have to resist the temptation to unzip my robe."forgive me father, for i have dennis." - dyslexic confession.richard iii is trending. it's fair to say it's been a while since that happened.now thank me, ray! thank me with every fiber in your misdemeanor-convicted being!!!and i said, "let there be no light". and there was no light. and lo, the 49ers were good.sorry! my bad.it's heads! yes! i just won 8 billion galaxies! #fuckyousatanany rational observer would agree the human race is running low on rational observers.for your convenience today's church service will be broadcast worldwide from new orleans at 6:30pm est. guest preacher: beyoncé.here's my favorite knock-knock joke ever.

"knock knock."
"who's there?"
"the jehovah's witnesses."
"then fuck you."the people who say "it's all part of god's plan" give me waaay too much credit.this saturday night be fruitful and multiply. or, to put it more slangily, getteth thee some.in the beginning i said "let there be light." then i said "let there be camera." then i said "let there be action!" then i ran overbudget.fish are just mobile sushi storage units.life is one long assisted suicide.to accept evolution is to believe the end result of four billion years of increasing biological complexity is a man buying a gun at walmart.#ff me or i'll smite the shit out of you.to the extent the earth is a maternal figure, human beings are motherfuckers.the three most destructively misinterpreted documents of all time are the bible, the u.s. constitution, and the official rules of golf."27% of americans believe god helps decide who wins sporting events." rarely. i only do it when i'm in vegas. and i'm almost never in vegas.whoever said you couldn't convey sarcasm in a tweet was really, really, really, really smart.wtf? just in general.many animals were harmed in the making of this civilization.tuesday is the filling in the monday-wednesday shit sandwich.i don't regret the decision to commission a song celebrating faith, but i do regret giving the job to george michael.soooo much stupid."boy scouts may allow gays." it's about time. nobody does camp better.damage the ocean and nobody cares. damage frank ocean and boy, here comes the media.call me crazy, but the ideal number of times a pope should have once been a member of the nazi youth is zero.the reason i haven't been verified by twitter is that i haven't been verified by anybody.if i ever won an award i would thank actors, athletes, rappers, and friday.i see you all the time and i saw what you were doing in the shower yesterday and it was unholy, i don't care how much you cleaned it after.today, instead of sitting through a sermon on the bible, why not enjoy salmon on a bagel?why do bad things happen to good people? heck, i'm still not sure why anything happens to anybody.i believe the children are the future, followed by the zombies.i want a promotion.regrets? i've had a few. but then again, you're one of them.the national viking association used to argue that owning a spear was a "thor-given right"."i've got 99 puppies and a bitch ain't one." - statistically unlikely kennel owner.sarah palin... she... she just... 

[sighs, shakes head, regrets creation]what would jesus do? raise the dead and walk on water. good luck with that, peeps.mosquitoes are me being a dick.dance like nobody's watching. masturbate the same way.the surest sign that someone is wrong is that they disagree with you.everything happens for a reason. two reasons, actually: shits and giggles.yay! u.s. militarywomen are now allowed to serve in combat! #equality #killingpeople #justice #killingpeople #empoweringwomen #killingwomenthe people in government who say people in government are the problem are the problem.life gets a lot simpler once you're dead."why are we here?" because you'd look silly over there.messiah complex + paranoid schizophrenia + animal hoarding = noah.see, the thing about some people is, they're stupid."and thou shalt know those whom god has chosen for eternal salvation in the following manner: they shall retweet this." revelation 4:12.matthew 28, john 20. luke 24, mark 21. that means matthew and luke will meet in the finals.thanks for all the shout-outs during the inauguration, america. you can leave me the fuck alone now.somewhere, mitt romney is very very rich.arguing with people on twitter is a great use of time.call me crazy but i really think this will be the super bowl where ray lewis doesn't go out afterward and take part in a nightclub stabbing.now thank me! thank me ray lewis, you indicted son of a bitch!i blame giselle.injury report: jesus's return is questionable.four more years. suck on that, ted nugent.brunch is better than church because at brunch the service only sucks sometimes.you don't go to hell for masturbating. in fact, you go to heaven, albeit only for a few seconds.retweet this and then show it to the person you're with as a way of letting him/her know you want to have sex.other people may be smarter or more talented or attractive than you but deep inside they're probably, like, sad or something.just because you meet someone who looks "strange" or "different" doesn't mean that deep down he's not an asshole.often in life the path to total victory is the psychopath.jesus and i had a nice little good cop bad cop thing going for a while, but these days even he thinks we should tase you all.you are made in my image. so it's not that 10% of you came out wrong, it's that i'm 10% gay.i am the universe's leukemia-stricken internet girlfriend.assholes can be such assholes.faith can move mountains, if "faith" is the name of your local tectonic plate.please don't take my failure to answer your prayers the wrong way. it's just that i don't care about you or your life.thou art all silly.you are the light of the world. no, not you. i was talking to the sun.if i told manti te'o once, i told him a thousand times: make her canadian, manti. not dead... canadian.those who do not remember the pasta are doomed to reheat it.we appreciate your penitence. please continue to pray. a religious-service representative will be with you shortly.in my experience the keys to sustaining a long-distance relationship are one-way communication, broken promises and death threats.confession: the entire time when i was forming the earth, i was using asteroids.i see dead people.believe it or not, this is the best i could do.retweet for a chance at having your prayer answered!*

*some tithes may apply. many will pray, few will win. offer not valid in hollywood.do what you love and the money will follow. especially if what you love is killing wealthy relatives.happy birthday to martin luther king jr., jesus's brother from another mother.the modern confessional mantra is "forgive me, oprah, for i have sinned."they say patience is a virtue. but they also say he who hesitates is lost. that's because they don't know what the fuck they're saying.lance armstrong shows that you can overcome cancer to become one.if the glass contained poison, the optimist would be the one who saw it as half-empty.age is just a number. a number that increases by one every year until you die.celebrities are truly my chosen people. yes, i know the jews are also my chosen people; but there's a lot of overlap.the truth is, we all let the dogs out.retweet this if you don't believe in its author."vatican criticizes gay adoption." benny, your views on little kids' welfare are about as valid as your views on astronomy."for verily i say unto thee, that the city of man shall kick the crap out of arsenal." mark 1:13.look for me in church today. i'll be the one you can't see or hear or get answers from or prove exists."are you american?" no, but i'm asked to bless it so often i never get to leave.ray lewis: thanks for the thanks, but no thanksshit, i missed jesus's birthday, didn't i?the sixth sense is humor. in some ways it's the first.the only self helped by a self-help book is the author.don't take yourself too seriously. believe me, i don't.believers think atheists will die and rot in hell. atheists think believers will die and that's it. advantage: believers.the one true faith is beatlemania.it will be interesting to see which one winds up killing you, accepting the absurd or denying the obvious.be selective in that to which you give a rat's ass."who wants a piece of me?!?" - jesus, at the first communion.every human being should watch this every day. and if you already have, watch it again. power tends to corrupt. absolute power corrupts absolutely. hello, i'm god.you were put on this earth for a reason, and it's your job to remind me what it was.i apologize to some of you for the rest of you.my love is absolutely, completely, totally unconditional, provided you do and say certain things.there are 5,000 starving orphans at a shelter in niger. i'll save one for every retweet this gets. #mysteriousways #mysteriousvainpettywayswe should hang out some time. if you're cool enough we could even chill at my place, eventually.presenting the first-ever pregnancy book written to the fetus. "god, wouldn't the genesis story implicitly have necessitated a lot of incest?" a fair question, and here's the answer: shut the fuck up.65 million years ago dinosaurs ruled the earth, and today, thanks to what became of their bones, they still do.how many roads must a man walk down before you can call him a cab?i sent the world my only son so that a) whosoever believed in him would have eternal life and b) he would get the hell out of the house.if at first you don't succeed, blame others.jesus and mary will occasionally appear on toast, or pancake, or waffles. always breakfast foods. why? because it's the most important meal.if i could change one thing about my appearance, it would be occasionally making one.do not cut yourself for bieber! for it is rather the blessèd bieb who will one day bleed for you. and die for you. #christmas2027 #beliebethsometimes i forget i know everything.2012 was the hottest year on record for the united states. it's urgent, people. we've got to do something about gay marriage.if you repeat a lie often enough, it's still a lie.when the world ends, someone be sure to pour gatorade on me.the terrorists win. congrats, al-abāma.i haven't seen so many irish fall victim to the tide since "riders to the sea".
#unbelievablyarcanereferencethis game is proof that america is no longer controlled by god, but by saban himself.this game is no touchdown jesus and all "touchdown?!? jesus!"prediction for tonight's game: notre dame 65, alabama 0. that's not points, it's the number of players going to heaven.i remember when i said "let there be light", and there was light. but these days you just don't get that kind of service anymore.you are the product of both four billion years of evolution and three minutes of drunken rubbing.atheists are popeless romantics.excrement occurreth.i've really got to get my shit together.no one is naked in heaven. the dress code is white bathrobes, slippers and a "simply the blessed!" baseball cap.i'll have you know the marijuana my beloved bieb was caught smoking was medically prescribed to treat his stigmata.rt @thejanefallon: dear @thetweetofgod did you give justin bieber mariuana? because i know he does whatever you tell him to.as praise, "you have a great ass, god!" is blasphemous on about ten different levels. nevertheless, thanks! i've been working on my glutes.puck yeah!tweeting is talking to yourself to others.in heaven all your questions about life are instantaneously answered thanks to our why-fi.yes, joseph did eventually have sex with mary. and as he finished, he called out my name. #bestironyeverwe have twitter in heaven. they have facebook in hell.me big sky god. me make sun and moon. make people long ago. no follow sky god rules, sky god get angry! kneel! kneel to invisible sky god!one mississippi... two mississippi... just kidding! one mississippi is quite enough.the whole universe ain't nothin' but a g thang.and here it is in kindle for all you paper-haters. this is my book and it's the reason i started this account and if you don't buy it you can and will go to hell. thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife. but if she lives two doors down, go for it!do not retweet this under any circumstances..@rickygervais did i like "extras"? ricky, are you 'avin a laff?rt @rickygervais: .@thetweetofgod i love all your work but imo that new testament lacked some of the drama &amp; genocide of the old one ...there are 49 states that are still awaiting their definitive chainsaw massacre.where am i? short answer: everywhere. long answer: everywhere but where you need me.rt @rickygervais: .@thetweetofgod ok, we give up. where are you?in a dispute, always take the high road. that way you can dump a big bucket of horseshit on the guy taking the low road.i gave da bible via transcribal to jews most tribal, say it don't jibe i'll sue ya for libel, who gives a fuck if da science ain't vi'ble?the scary thing is, i really don't have anything better to do than tweet all day.if you retweet this, nothing will happen.wait, there's a female orgasm now?opposition to gay marriage is a sacred covenant between a man and an outdated belief system.i never said i was perfect. i only said my mistakes were your fault.sometimes i exist and sometimes i don't. it depends on my schedule.that really hot guy/girl you're obsessed with? he/she recently squeezed feces out of his/her anus. #fyipeople, i can't just "damn" any "it" you happen to be mad at. there's a procedure. fill out the forms.could all my followers in the southern hemisphere please retweet this? it's the only way i have of knowing you're alive down there.take comfort in my infinite indifference.in heaven everyone has a soul patch.i never close a door without opening a can of whoop-ass.the last digit of π is 6. #nowyouknowit's not that this is a parody account. it's that you live in a parody universe."i am on fire today!" - joan of arc (1412-1431), last words.he who knows, does not speak. he who speaks, does not know. shut up, is basically what i'm saying..@rickygervais ricky, if you can get twitter to verify me, you will be the first atheist allowed into heaven.rt @rickygervais: dear @dickc, why, oh why has twitter not verified @thetweetofgod?no one said life would be easy. or fair. or meaningful. or kardashian-free.you people are too much. like, 6 billion too much.congratulations to 26-year-old crystal harris on marrying hugh hefner, a man old enough to be her proto-hominid ancestor.man cannot live on bread alone. yet it is easy to forget this at restaurants and end up full before the appetizer.other people are annoying. but to everyone else in the world, you are other people.the only cure for a hangover is a liver transplant.meet the new year. same as the old year.ah, times square. because the best way to celebrate the new year is freezing, sardine-packed, shit-faced and pee-soaked.wishing everybody a happy 2014. that's not a typo. i know what's coming this year and ain't nothing happy about it.tonight the mayor is dropping the ball in new york while congress is dropping the ball in washington.as of today there are teenagers who were born in the 21st century. in a related story, you are old.the night kim kardashian got pregnant is the night she told kanye, "imma let you finish."i know i said this last new year's, i know i say it every new year's, but this time i mean it: 2013 will finally be the year i kill you all.your criticism of that athlete is insightful, sports fan. one note: he's still 1,000 times better than you, you beer-swilling tub of lard.i predict that 2013, much like bc 3,000 through ad 2012, will be the year of the asshole"you da man!" - my first words to adam.the top ten words of 2012!!

1. end
2. of
3. year
4. top
5. ten
6. lists
7. are
8. exercises
9. in
10. stupidityattention drones: it is sunday. report to your local divine administrative branch office for your weekly loyalty oaths.7 billion of you is too many. either die faster or fuck smarter.tomorrow i turn ∞.you call it a nebula. i call it microbrewing.i realize now the book of exodus should have been called djews unchained.i believe meat is murder, vegetables are burglary, bread is mail fraud and dairy is impersonating a police officer.people who "agree to disagree" also "agree to silently consider each other pigheaded dumb-asses".the only thing that can save the earth is a car that runs on porn.when it comes to friday i feel like i'm overthanked.happy birthday, stan lee! you're 90 years old but you look near-mint.let me be your rock. then throw me at other people and kill them.if mohammed and moses got gay married, most of the world’s problems would end.we are never ever getting back together.in the grandest sense, i rule. but from a practical standpoint, zeppelin rules.gravity is matter's only weapon against loneliness.being yourself can take an entire lifetime, but doing yourself only takes 90 seconds.have faith that one day people will stop needing faith.do nonviolent video games lead to civil disobedience sprees?boxing day should get with the times and call itself mma day.little things mean a lot, though not as much as big things, obviously.it's hard to give a symbolic "true meaning" to a day whose literal true meaning is neither chronologically true nor its original meaning.jesus, mary and i will be spending the day watching movies, then eating chinese food for dinner. #we'rejewishmerry christmas from the entire heavencorp® family!"knock knock."
"who's there?"
"santa."
"santa who?"
"santa who has to use the door because you left your fireplace burning, jackass."the effort to deport piers morgan for his gun-control stance is not only awful but overlooks the many better reasons to deport piers morgan."pope wants all faiths to unite against gay marriage." benny, this is god. fuck you..@rickygervais "does jesus still live at home?" yes. i say, "get a job!" he says, "my job is redeeming humanity." i say, "get a real job!"twitter will not be safe until every single feed is armed with this retweet. do it... for the children.only one more day to show kindness and compassion for your fellow man! then you have to wait til next december.believing is knowing for dummies.the 7 non-deadly sins
1. jaywalking
2. bogarting
3. mattress-tag removal
4. not using a coaster
5. wedgies
6. morning wood
7. country musicstep 1: put on louis armstrong's "what a wonderful world."
step 2: read the newspaper.
step 3: weep."the way to prevent more poisonings is to give everyone poison." - the national poison association.christmas is only two days away! have you bought enough stupid shit yet?catholics: go to church today and take orders from pope benedict. atheists: go to brunch today and order eggs benedict.when people ask me about hell i'm like, "don't go there."some people have single-personality disorder.life is a journey, not a styx.the hard part about planning birthday parties for my son is that his birthday happens to fall on christmas.for jesus's birthday, i say bowling party, mary says roller skating. thoughts?the problem of guns in schools would be eliminated if society finally had the courage to outlaw schools.the difference between me and santa is once in a great while santa will actually get you what you want.if you're looking for last-minute christmas gifts, wal-mart is offering great deals on used employees.the best way to prevent abortions is to arm fetuses. #iamthenralife goes on. sorry.eh, fuck it. too much work.10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...five minutes!15 minutes left! you're one spongebob episode away from annihilation! make it a good one! like the one where mr. krabs wants his penny!in one hour it's all going down! i'm serious! nothing can stop it! the end is nigh! judgment is coming and that right soon, etc.!see you in 90 minutes!four hours to go!well, off to hot yoga. see you bright and early tomorrow! :)finally, i apologize to all of you for my co-dependency. i shouldn't have derived my self-esteem from watching you kill each other for me.i apologize for, even with mere hours to go before oblivion, feeling the need to crassly remind you to buy my book: i'd like to apologize to all the unbaptized babies burning in hell. that was a bureaucratic snafu.i apologize to the jewish people for... well, everything.i apologize to asian people for never really noticing you were there.i apologize to the gay community for any bigotry caused by the foolish words of my youth. gays: it gets better. (well, it would have.)first, i apologize to the irish for the great potato famine of 1848. sorry, ireland. i wasn't mad at you. i was mad at the potatoes.before you go, i'd like to take this opportunity to get a few things off my chest. if you could rt them around you'd be doing me a solid.you only cease to live once!on the plus side, tomorrow's armageddon will preempt the release of billy crystal's movie "parental guidance," which wow does that look bad.if a minor thing goes wrong tonight, be sure to tell yourself, "actually, it is the end of the world."don't look at armageddon as the end, but as a new beginning. for me, i mean. you guys are toast.tomorrow! tomorrow! i love ya! tomorrow! you're only a day... a... way!!!mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha (continued)already the apocalypse has begun in australia! koalas look ugly! the sydney opera house is acoustically unsound! people (still) talk funny!live every day like it's your last. especially this one.there is no better example of mankind's arrogance than the #missuniverse pageant.no one who's "just sayin'" is just sayin'.the real armageddon will be like the movie "armageddon" in that it will be extremely hard to sit through.the only real difference between existence and nonexistence is that existence is a little more interesting.i am at the star-studded la premiere of quentin tarantino's brilliant new film "django unchained"! then friday, armageddon! #bestweekeveri see you when you're sleeping. i know when you're awake. i know if you've been bad or good, but what difference does it make?the second amendment was inserted at gunpoint.if justin bieber retweets this by midnight friday i won't send armageddon."@justinbieber how r u"? and that is why the man gets so many retweets!rt @justinbieber: how r u?once you realize nothing makes any sense, it all makes sense.jesus returned after three days. he's about to again. #buthesnothappy #thistimeitspersonalwhoever's loudest wins.on friday mark sanchez will only have to confront ageddon, because he has no arm.people don't kill gun control. lobbies kill gun control.armageddon notes

• semi-formal
• open bar(!) 
• no +1's
• tipping is customary
• byobrimstone
• rsvprayer
• billions will die
• no gifts!!!friday's schedule (gmt)

3pm horsemen arrive
4pm cocktails
5pm welcome toast
5:05pm armageddon
6pm bar closes
8pm reception (invitees only)on friday, when i come down and start sending the far right-wing to hell, fox news will ask if i'm anti-me.the vast majority of you are personally unpleasant."why are all the good ones either married, gay or the son of god?" - mary magdalene.i think if we'd met under different circumstances, and i weren't an omnipotent psychopath, we might have been friends."dude, have you ever looked at the coliseum? i mean, really looked at it?" romans 4:20."this is the opening track on our first studio album since peter gabriel left the band." genesis 7:1.reasonable minds can disagree, but unreasonable minds can do it a lot better.to the young man who just asked me to make his penis three inches bigger: you do realize that five inches is still pretty short, right?"tell matthew i will call him in half an hour, at 4 o'clock." - john 3:30.good news, humanity! everybody gets friday off!i almost feel sorry for the people who don't retweet this.i'm glad so many of you like my bio. it was actually co-written by my son, whom i've nicknamed young jeezy."clapton is god." please! i am the lord almighty, king of the universe. i would never record an album with steve winwood.what is the world coming to? an end, that's what.i look forward to the westboro baptist church being present at their own funerals.the "l" in samuel l. jackson stands for "motherfucker".life is a finite swim in an infinity pool.it's your last saturday night before armageddon, so you should reeeeally try to get laid.mental illness is extremely common. everybody i've ever talked to seems to have it.if the reason to have a thing is to protect yourself against people with the same thing, maybe that thing is a bad thing.no one is more sure of who's going to hell than the westboro baptist church, and no one is going to be more surprised.if caring is a crime then i'm innocent.tea parties are for little children.at a certain point, shut up.it's been true since creation, and it'll be true 'til armageddon: shit's all crazy.there's a fine line between ideology and psychosis.puberty ruins everything.i'm not very good at my job.whether or not hard-core gun enthusiasts are, legally, exercising their constitutional rights, they are, morally, assholes.there's no need to wait for the end of the world. it ends a little bit every day.why?guns are pretty fucking awful.friday, friday, all gonna die next friday. everybody's gettin' ready for the world's end. gotta make my mind up: which souls should i take?the sun'll come out tomorrow. after that i make no promises.there will come a day when the hungry eat the obese.i work in mysterious ways but fail to work in very obvious ones.off to pilates!the four horses of the apocalypse will be secretariat, seattle slew, man o' war and, most terrifying of all, mr. ed. of course, of course!been getting lots of suggestions about what to do to you 12/21. thanks for the ideas, but i feel really good about what we've got planned.the most shocking thing about sarah palin's son track getting divorced after only 18 months of marriage is that she named her child track.armageddon eve will be your last chance to edit wikipedia and let the aliens who visit your dead planet know that you were once president.judgment day will be long, grueling and brutal. on the plus side, there will be a special "fudge-ment day!" stand for the kids.shit's about to get real.if you think you not buying my book and me ending the world in nine days are unrelated, you are very much mistaken. #butitsyourchoicebehold, the best christmas gift thou canst buy:



when you pray for something and don't get it it's because you didn't pray right.gay conversion therapy, if administered wisely and humanely, can indeed succeed in turning a top to a bottom.welcome to twitter, @pontifex. a word of advice: no matter what they say or what pictures they dm you, those "boy fans" are rarely under 16.rip ravi shankar, from a satirist to a sitarist.if you retweet this you're entitled to one sin-free masturbation.it's 12/12/12, and you know what that means: jack-all squat.you don't have to be politically correct but dammit, you have to be factually correct.my so-called "secret santa" just left me a grail and a crown of thorns. like i can't figure out who that's from.reality is unfairly biased against crazy people.had the dream again last night. the one where i have a test on how to create the universe and i forgot to study.life is like a box of chocolates. it's really bad for you.scientology is the religion other religions can always turn to and say "at least we're not that crazy."ten more days! it's getting so close i can practically smell the brimstone!i don't believe in most of you either.i'm really sorry things didn't work out between us. you're a great species, you really are.even on the first day i had a case of the mondays.listen, on armageddon do me a favor:  no gum, ok? show some class.how's next friday look for everyone?i have absolutely no plan for your life.i have nothing better to do than get involved in the outcome of sporting eventsevery time the pope denounces superficial living i want to shout "dude, look at what you're wearing."feel free to go to church today but it won't make a damn bit of difference.i created mankind to spend half its time praising me and the other half killing each other over who praised me better.i'm in the mood to be thanked. go.the day john lennon was shot was the day i realized there was no me.and now, an interfaith holiday message courtesy of jon stewart, stephen colbert, and my scribe. everybody quiet down there! i'm trying to think!i think we should see other universes.well that was 13.7 billion years of existence i'll never get back.it's nice that taylor swift believes in me, but if she ever loses her faith the album she records afterwards is gonna be pretty harsh.if you're happy it's the end of the world as you know it and you know it clap your hands!two more weeks! preparing for the big day is making me a little crazy. i'm like a bridezilla, only i'm god! (is there a word for that?)man, you people ask for a lot of shit."this should be on a t-shirt" should be on a t-shirt.every hotel room in the world has one bible and hundreds of millions of dead dried sperm. pretty gross, thinking about all those bibles.by the time the #nhl strike is settled there will be a rink in hell where the teams can play.enjoy your gay marryjuana, seattle!the difference between a cult and a religion is marketing.againesis 19:4. read it. cite it. live it.you can achieve anything you set your half-baked unrealistic delusions to.i'm sooo on high right now.i giveth and i taketh away, but these days i mostly just chilleth.i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, and i absolutely cannot explain this. do not take my name in vain. only scream it if the sex is particularly good.soon the inuit will have 50 words for slush.open up ical... 12/21... add event... name, "operation omega"... location, "surface of earth"... all-day... repeat never... invitees, all...about to take a farewell picture. everybody say cheese!on armageddon there will be a special place on the battlefield for hipsters. at first it will be "cool". then it will be very, very hot.prayer is a dissatisfied customer asking to speak to the supervisor.retweeting this won't get you into heaven, but not retweeting this will send you right to hell.i decided to end the world on a friday so i wouldn't mess up anybody's weekend.you don't want to be a victoria's secret model. bulimia don't.there are worse things to be than nonexistent.today in heaven's cafeteria: taco tuesday! #yumwhy should the pope follow me here? it's not like he follows me much there.there's a fine line between one thing and another one that's similar.mankind is so fornicated.i'm never wrong, am i right?in most cases jingling only part of the way is sufficient.the perfect christmas or hanukkah gift for those who believe in neither!
  

acting like you know what you're doing is far more important than actually knowing what you're doing.#askpontifex could you stop  protecting child sex abusers? 'cause i think you should maybe cut back, child-sex-abuser-protection-wise."aren't cheap jokes beneath you?" dude, i'm god. everything's beneath me.kate middleton is pregnant. clearly, someday her prince has come.the pope isn't following me. for that, he will be ex-mobile-communicated.absence makes the heart wish it were back in its chest cavity.the pope is getting twitter. he's four years behind the times. that's 496 fewer years than usual.i'm a do-it-thyselfer.i created the entire universe in six days 6,000 years ago. i don't care what the entire universe is trying to tell you.i didn't do it.i'm planning on getting a lot more involved in the affairs of men once my restraining order gets lifted.today's sermon will be "boring".at the end of the day, it's 11:59pm.the lord is thy shepherd, and i love lamb chops!time spent on twitter is time, well, spent.everything happens for a reason, and the reason is that everything happens for no reason.opposite-sex marriage and same-sex marriage are both immediately followed by no-sex marriage.amazing to think that 5,000 years of theological debate could be ended if they'd just put a blue check by my name.i prefer atheists to polytheists because my attitude is, "if i can't have you, no one will."i deserve a promotion.there is no problem so bad human ingenuity can't make it worse.fate. kismet. destiny. call it what you will, it's bullshit.the problem with premarital sex is that it's sinful. the problem with postmarital sex is that it isn't.the universe makes sense if you see it in a larger context.i don't create complex marine ecosystems in your landfills, so please don't dump shit in my oceans.fear of failure is all that stands between you and failure.listen, you have to retweet this. i don't have time for long explanations, except to say the future of mankind may depend on it. good luck.advice for armageddon: dress for heat.three more weeks!he's making his list. he's checking it twice. he's gonna find out how many jews will suffice. oskar schindler's coming to town.don't verb nouns.cleanliness is next to ocd-liness.congrats palestine on going from "non-member observer entity" to "non-member observer state"! you're now officially one-third less demeaned!yes, i'm here, margaret. i'm just ignoring you.good things come to those who wait. just by the law of averages.thursday special! get a friend to follow me and i'll give you a pony! two friends, two ponies! three friends, two ponies on a pile of porn!i'm sorry so much of my tweeting is biased towards american interests. for that matter, i'm sorry so much of world history is too.everybody has at least one thing they do worse than anyone else in the world.the human race is too busy reading about lindsay lohan to realize it is lindsay lohan.i just genuinely dislike a lot of you.1 billion delivery men just stopped by heaven's gate with 1 billion pizzas. very funny, satan! :-pdonald trump is assholier-than-thou.it's easy to blame others for your mistakes. seriously. try it.the winning numbers for tonight's $550 million powerball drawing are 8, 15, 23, 32, 51, powerball 28.come on, @rickygervais. quit playing hard to get. let's you and me find a church somewhere and become man and god and have sects.yes, @rickygervais, humpty dumpty is in heaven. but all the king's horses and all the king's men are in hell. that's how the world works.this will all be on the test.my problem is i'm too nice.it's not you. it's me. i don't like you.if jimi hendrix were alive today, that would be cool.yes, there's a kindle edition. yes, buying it will also stave off armageddon. the only way to stave off armageddon on december 21 is to buy enough copies of my book this to warrant a sequel. don't pray the gay away. fuck the bigotry away.failure is succeeding at failing.you have limitless potential. don't diminish it by acting on it.every time i tweet about marijuana i am specifically talking to you.in heaven medical marijuana is legal. but nobody ever gets sick. so people can't smoke. so they get clinically depressed. bingo!people keep asking about my scribe. short answer: he's a putz. long answer: you can explore his putzery at my son is 2,000 years old and still lives with his parents. #loseri created man in my image, and i am an asshole."my name will echo in glory through the halls of time for a thousand generations." - anonymous.you better watch out. you better not cry. you better not pout. i'm telling you why. most of you are going to hell.the worst part about being omniscient is that i can never not know what newt gingrich looks like naked.what the fornicate?all good things must come to an end, whereas bad things can go on forever.if "it is what it is," it is crap.the rain in the uk will continue until @rickygervais a) acknowledges me and b) places two of every flanimal in an ark.because i said so.oprah winfrey teaches us that the deepest spiritual journeys are the ones taken on private jets.i will be promoting my book a lot between now and christmas. those who object not only can go to hell, but will. like i say in my new book, the first two people really were adam and steve. i made them gay so they could focus on their landscaping career.i created the forbidden fruit because i knew adam and eve would eat it and i figured it was healthier than forbidden sweets.it was a mistake giving people free will. i should have made you pay money for it.today's sermon will be "from xmas to xbox: how a 2,000-year-old virgin birth led to you getting a concussion stampeding for a game console."final score: notre dame 22, lane kiffin sucks.there may or may not be life after death. but there is absolutely, positively death after life.death is just another part of life. the last part.watching usc-notre dame with mary. rooting for the trojans just to piss her off. #allingodfunthe bible is subtitled "shit my god says".jesus died for your sins, but he lived for chocolate!that is so true, justin! cereal is really good! i couldn't have put it better myself! or looked better doing it... sigh...rt @justinbieber: cereal is really goodanyone who admits to having made "my share of mistakes" has in fact made far more than his share of mistakes.retweeting this violates federal law.treat others the way you would want to be treated, and within ten minutes there'll be free oral sex for everyone!i hate black friday. i dislike cyber monday. i like small business saturday. but i love, love, love don't buy anything douchebag tuesday.regarding the hatred, bigotry, bloodshed, violence, and 2,000 years of global discord performed in my name: i'm flattered.here is a perfect (anti-)holiday gift that wal-mart refuses to stock on its shelves: wal-mart's prices are so low its employees can almost afford some of them..@rickygervais i only put your male g-spot up the ass, ricky. everyone else's is on their nose. #youdeserveitatheisteverything's going according to planlessness.skilled #blackfriday shoppers can wind up with as much as 50% off their sense of dignity.it's the most cynical time of the year!your willingness to shop for christmas presents tonight is directly proportional to the amount of love you feel for your family.best/last thanksgiving ever!if you go to walmart for black friday be sure to check out their low low prices on freshly-trampled human corpses.the thanksgiving day parade would be impossible without massive inflation.i can travel faster than the speed of light, but when i get there there's literally nothing to see.me: "welcome home, son! you look great!" jesus: "for a filthy hippie you mean, right?" and so it begins.thanksgiving is a time to travel to be with family and give thanks that when it's over you get to leave.if you weren't able to make it home for thanksgiving, don't worry. it's not the end of the world. mwa ha ha ha ha.apocalypse soon!one month to go!!!!!!!if war is hell then ceasefire is limbo.the only way there will be a 2013 is if you buy this @thetweetofgod daily calendar for 2013. one hour at the airport cancels out 50 hours of yoga.nose hair was just me being a dick.it's time to legalize pot and criminalize bogarting.at an emergency meeting of the apocalypse committee. apparently one of the horsemen tested positive for steroids. it's always something! :-)looking forward to another great thankstaking.kevin clash's resignation from sesame street was brought to you by the letters n and c, and the number 17.knock it off down there!remember the elmo.hot flashes. loss of fertility. increased irritability. "the change". congratulations, humanity: you've given mother earth menopause.being gay is not a choice. but being offended by it is.i think the universe has jumped the shark.there is something seriously wrong with me.what happens in vegans stays in vegans. for an hour. then it all comes gushing out.having a life outside of twitter is a great way of finding things to tweet about.the worst part about quantum mechanics is when they bend over and show their quantum buttcracks.just completed my atomic census. final count: 98,435,765,300,612,783,547,331,907,576,432,905. exact same as last time! #conservationofmatteri'm really gonna miss you guys.he who dies with the most toys, dies.